The President’s dog, Síoda, has passed away. RIP Síoda.

All dogs go to heaven. Rip
State funeral I say
I think we should get a statue of this dog put into Phoenix park
Ah bollocks, fuck you 2020.
A once in a lifetime dog really, she just stayed with Miggled all the time be it in a big event or just hanging out. Great dog. Now to go chase some postmen in heaven.
There's 17,000 people in this subreddit now

Do I put out the good cups or what?
Síoda was the best dog. Poor Bród. Poor Miggeldy.
Sioda and the Presidents dogs have done so much for this country, they brought smiles to every visitor we had.  Always being proud to see them talked about by other countries.

Thoughts with you Michael D RIP Sioda
RIP Síoda. Hope Bród is okay.
This fucking year man

Rainbow Road awaits
Condolences from Singapore. The dog melted hearts around the world, today the world mourns with Ireland. 

RIP Síoda
I'm actually fucking crushed, lads. This one's for Síoda.
Oh my fucking heart is breaking for them. And the nation.   


RIP Síoda. I'll give my dog extra scritches today in your honour.
Hey r/Ireland, I’ve never been to your country, nor did I know before now of Sioda. But, any man or woman who ignores convention, preferring to honour the love of the dog by taking it everywhere while raising a middle finger to the rules? Yeah, that person has my respect. 

Here’s a good cold Beer raised in respect for you all from me in Down Under.
I try to post this in these sorts of threads, because there's always someone whose dog is getting old, and they're trying to make that hard decision
Hey, for all those of you who remember putting your pet down:

You're not 'putting them down'. You're helping them let go.

The problem is that your dog refuses to let go. You need them, there they are. Always. And not just when you need them, but when you're on the computer, or sitting on the couch. Your dog is there, because that's what they do.

Dogs don't know how to ask to be let go: It's not in a dog's nature to leave a man behind, so to speak. You gotta be the one to tell them it's okay, and you're not leaving.

You don't put them down. You pay them back for all the love they've given you.

Just do me a favour, if you're making that trip to the vet's: Hold your dog's paw when he's gotta go. Don't leave him in a room full of strangers because you're scared. Help him go.
American checking in. I've enjoyed all the posts on Síoda. I feel I never see a picture of your president without her. What a wonderful spirit. She was a beautiful pup. So very sorry for your loss.
I was about to get out of bed, fuck this, I'm going back to sleep.

Miserable news to hear.
Genuinely gutted to hear this.

We lost the cat last week, after 15 years. Just the dog and the kitten now, but it’s crazy how much you notice that they’re gone. 

RIP Síoda.
r/Ireland to 2020: and now, you have officially carried it too far, Buddy
Damn you 2020 you bitch
It's wine for breakfast then.
A sad day for the parish indeed
Never met this dog, not even Irish, crying right now
\*cry\*
Aw no. My mam met the dogs a few years ago at the presidents garden party. She said the dogs were so wonderful. 😔
That is a national tragedy. And I am not even joking.
It’s so sad. Poor Michael D.
I have exactly zero link or connection to Ireland, and I'm still sad 😞
RIP doggo :( 

Along with Bród, they have done so much for us. 

National day of mourning, farewell Síoda.
Oh Fuck, I'm so sorry guys! Been a cunt of a year. Sending condolences from Down Under.
As a Welsh speaker, I appreciate that spelling --> pronounciation isn't always a direct mapping with English.  How would i pronounce it?

Edit - the dog's name, not "dog" ;-)
The straw that broke the tear ducts’ back.
This should be world news our greatest commiserations from Australia
First RBG and now poor Síoda. Today is a dark day.
That's awful. Losing a dog is akin to losing a loved one. Thoughts with President Higgins.
Ah poor Síoda, and poor Bród and Miggeldy. The best doggo ❤️
Deepest condolences from the US. I’m a huge admirer of President Higgins and in particular his relationship with his dogs. So sad to say goodbye to lovely Síoda.
I'm italian.

I didn't know anything about this dog. Seems like she had a good story to tell.

Was she really that popular with the Irish audience?
I cant actually handle any more bad news
“Was I a good dog?”
As an American who just woke up, :( RIP you beautiful spirit, gorgeous Burmese with a hell of a fun story to tell her pals in dog heaven now. Safe travels across the rainbow bridge 💙
Ar dheist Dé go raibh a anam dílis
National day of mourning.
The virus i can deal with but THIS
This is awful news. Give him a statue
Humans’ best friend -  RIP Sioda.  Love on RGB for me!
Love you Sioda, love you Ireland
Here I am in California - acrid smoke in the air, RBG just died, it's 2:30am and I still have an hour or two of work left to do because we have a release coming up, there was just a 4.something earthquake, and now this. What a day.
I hope RBG adopts Síoda in heaven and they can live a peaceful after life together as one of the best women/doggies to grace the world. RIP
Absolute national tragedy, they should cover this on the news
[deleted]
Hope Bród is handling everything okay.
:(
ahh shiet
Fuck this whole day
Damn this year to hell.
My condolences.
This is, without exaggeration, the worst day of my life
2020 just never lets up. Gut punch after gut punch.
Australian here.  I had no idea what the Irish president looked like, but he looks exactly the way I imagined he would.  I bet I'm not the first one to say it though.
From the world’s deepest heart we are sorry for your loss
Aww.. that’s heartbraking! They made me happy seeing them together everywhere ❤️💔
Ahhh worst feeling in the world... 😔
F
This is the last straw, 2020. Too far. Too far by half.
You’ve taken it too far 2020, Too damn far.
Could this year get any worse 😭
I’m not Irish but you get my condolences sir.
Not Irish but I'm fucking heartbroken.
Love to y’all from the USA 🌈
Took absolute tragedy for us to reach the top of /r/all

My friend got a pic with those dogs last year. Lucky bastard.
2020 just keeps getting worse!!!!!!
National day of mourning is in order
Is this what it feels like for the brits when the queen dies?
There is no greater bond than that of an Irishman and his dog. May she rest in peace
I'm not even Irish but I upvoted you all because anyone could tell that was a good pup and he did his job well.
Rule of 3 , Ginsburg, Sioda... who's next?
RIP, good girl. Thinking of you in the US. <3
Fuck it that’s depressing
Fuck 2020 to bollocks. WW3 and bushfires I could take but this is over the line.
What a shit year. RIP Síoda.
RBG now this! Why did I even wake up today...
Ah no! This is sad.
Oh no :-( RIP Síoda.
He loved his dog
GOD NO MAKE IT STOP
Damn this hurts me from across the Atlantic...
rip 😢
NOOO GOD FECKING DAMM YA 2020
*Scrolls feed for 2.76 seconds*

“Alright, that’s enough of Reddit for this year.”
How old did she get? Most bennies just get to be like 6 years old (very unhealthy breed) 
I love these dogs they're my favorite breed, they are funny, gentle, derpy, sweet, cuddle crazy,. Just wish people would breed them to be healthier :(
My day is ruined. I bet Higgins is devastated. I lost my dog this year too.
Do we have a national day for dogs? Cause we should.
For a second I thought it was a figurative and it meant a human.
So wh- oh shit, you mean a president and dog we care about
Another sad news... When is 2020 going to end..
I an so very very sorry for your loss 💔💔
More evidence that 2020 is a garbage year
I am dead inside now officially
An Oireachtas emergency session has been summoned to designate an interim Good Dog, until new elections.
2020 has officially gone too far now.
First RBG, now this... 2020 just takes what it wants.
Sioda and Ruth Bader Ginsburg are chilling in heaven. You know Ruth has a pocket full of treats and her signature dissent collar.
Some people on reddit just take shit too far with awards. There’s 7 EXCITED AWARDS ON THIS POST. WHAT THE FUCK.
As an American, if you presented me a picture of that man I wouldn’t know who he is. A picture of him with the dog, though? Oh! That’s the President of Ireland!

My condolences to your President.
Fuck, RGB and now Sioda?

Not like this.... not like this....
How's its name pronounced
Ah no, lovely dog
Sioda. Thank you for making us smile.  💚
Really? I see nothing anywhere online
This is the worst news ever, fuck this year!
National Day of mourning.. flags at half mast
This year has gone too far
Awww no. ☹️RIP❤️🐶
Rest in peace, Síoda. :'(
Well fuck, that's very sad. What a shitty day this is turning out to be all around... :(
Oh no! It is literally the worst year ever.
That's the second bout of crying at my desk today in work 🙃
Noo
Rip
Rip Sioda
NOOOOOO!
RIP
F o7
This is incredibly sad! Sioda looked young and healthy.
My good boy was also taken from us this year. 
Fuck 2020, indeed.  :(
Ok this year has gone too far. FUCK YOU 2020
Great. The Notorious RBG and now this. 2020 just won’t stop.
Poor doggie - losing a pet is the same as losing a family member - sometimes it’s very hard (but not always)
Ah lads.
the worst part of 2020
First, RBG.

Now this.

Only one logical conclusion, a god is real and he/she/it hates us.
For a moment I thought "Sioda" was some strange nickname for Lindsay Graham.
RIP Doggy. :/
Awh that's so sad!
Was it this dog in the photo? He has 2.
Such a good boy.
Has Donald Trump ever owned and cared for a pet?
Wow big surprise on the worst year ever
Poor baby
Fuck this
This is weird. My Bernese mountain dog that was 11 years old was put down yesterday.

The greatest dog breed I have ever had
Ugh.. what a way to start this saturday. RIP.
He needs a day or two of doing nothing. Poor man.
wholesome doggo rip 😔
That sucks.
😔💔
The whole world loved that dog.
RIP doggie
how do you pronounce that?
Dogs will rule the world once we selfextinct.
The nation will go John Wick on whoever downvotes this
yesterday, Ruth Bader Ginsburg dies.

and now wake up to this...........

WTF 2020
Had a dog like that when i was a kid. His name was Elvis
Rest in peace, good doggy
I have 2 berneses the just hap 7 pups and I hope they dont die
Rip sioda
😭😭😭😭😭😭😪😪😪😪😪
How do you pronounce the name?
”When I walked in this morning, and saw the flag was at half mast, I thought alright another bureaucrat ate it.

But then I found out it was Síoda. Half mast is too high. Show some damn respect.”
State funeral
I am irrationally sad over this
Tis a dark day for Ireland.
 I loved that dog. Fucking sad bro.
God that's gotta suck. That dog was adorable and obviously spoiled rotten every day of its life.

I hope he'll get another when and if he's ready for it.

EDIT: OK, mind blown... he actually had two dogs;  Bród and Síoda. I always thought it was just the one.
How do you pronounce her name please?
Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam dílis
NOOOOOOOOO!!
RIP big boyy
All flags must be at half mast
I never met the dog, I dont even know how to pronounce his name, but the fact that there's one less Good Boi in the world makes me sad.
What a beautiful dog.
2020 HAS GONE TOO FUCKIN FAR
Can someone from Ireland give a pronunciation of that name? I read it as “See-OH-Da” but I’m guessing from every other Irish name starting with S I’ve ever seen (I.e. Sean, Siobhan, Sinead, Saoirse) that it’s probably not that simple.
RIP - what  a beautiful dog.
Ah Jaysus
Solidarity from Scotland.
I hope Brod doesnt get too lonely without his little pal. So sad to hear of a dog passing, but especially such a cutie pie.
As a person that lived nearly a decade in Ireland...

⠀⠀⠀⢀⡤⢶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣿⣧⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣤⡄⠀ ⢠⣾⡟⠋⠁⠀⠀⣸⠇⠈⣿⣿⡟⠉⠉⠉⠙⠻⣿⡀ ⢺⣿⡀⠀⠀⢀⡴⠋⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠇ ⠈⠛⠿⠶⠚⠋⣀⣤⣤⣤⣿⣿⣇⣀⣀⣴⡆⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡞⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡏⠉⠛⠻⣿⡀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢰⣿⠟⠉⠙⢿⡟⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⡟⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠈⢿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠙⠷⠶⠶⠶⠿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
With all seriousness, this is sad. I hope that doggo is in doggy heaven.
😢
Ruined my whole week ffs
NOOOOOOOOOOOO

Fuck you 2020
2020 extracts a heavy toll
Aw, no. That's just too sad.
Oh noooooo :(
[deleted]
Oh no! I'm just a thick-headed American, but even I knew how much that dog meant to your president. My condolences.
Before I saw the sub, I could have sworn that was Bernie.
Real talk..is he a good president? He seems like he would be and I base this on knowing very little. Then again compared to what we have (Trump) everyone seems better.
Noooooooo
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jhjJ-hi_a0s
What are we all doing?
❤
NOOOOOOOO FUCK 2020
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
FUCK 2020!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOO
[Heartbreak](https://media1.tenor.com/images/0182954ec63c31727befcb89f50018e7/tenor.gif)
...It’s called deterritorialization
NOO
Micheal D's about to go john wick
:(
F
RIP =(
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Such a sweet girl. I love Berners... RIP
.
Oh no my condolences to him...
Sad face.
Fuck you, 2020!
Man....fuck 2020
So sad.  I really enjoyed seeing pics of her by his side while he was working.  

I'd like to think she's gone to join RBG in heaven and be her companion now.  Both of them champions and heroes.
Yeah, fuck 2020.
The Reaper shows no restraint this year -_-
Man I feel awful for y’all’s president.   They seemed inseparable.  Rest In Peace goodest of boiz
First Ruth Bader Ginsberg, and now síoda I don’t see how this day can get any worse.
I need 2020 to be over plz n thx
American here, sorry, I kneejerk downvoted this post forgetting I was sorting by "Everywhere". My apologies to Ireland and condolences to your President's Family, as I assume they have some sort of dignity. cheers?
F
I don't know what 2020 is trying to prove, but someone needs to tell ut nobody likes it, and it should go home.
I can handle Corona, the Cali fires, protests and riots... BUT SIODA??? WHAT'S NEXT 2020? WHAT CAN YOU POSSIBLY DO IN THE LAST 3 MONTHS OF THE YEAR?
😭
Rip Sioda and to the president my thoughts and wishes
Such a wonderful, loyal dog as well, may she rest in peace.
Let's have a cup of tea and let this all blow over

Was IM talking to a British bloke at work about issues we're having on the project. He said, "Clowns to the right of me, jokers to the left!"

I said, "hey! That's how the Irish feel!"

He refused to talk to me the rest of the day.
Don’t worry, America is fine. We have that one CNN Irish reporter in Washington who will solve everything
As a Swede I wouldn’t be completely opposed to the rise of the Irish empire
Guys, we really need your help. Send over another million Irishmen.
For real tho, what about sites other than Amazon. I have stuff on order from Scan.co.uk (computer stuff) that hasn't come yet. I ordered in December and paid UK VAT. But now apparently I'm liable for Irish VAT when it comes? And have to get the UK VAT back somehow? Idk. Probably better off cancelling it but I really want this stuff.
As someone who works in an Amazon FC, nothing will ever stop the endless deafening hum of those conveyor belts, unless I get bored and press one of these big red buttons...
[deleted]
As a Brit, I'm glad Ireland is doing better than the UK. You all deserve it after the shite we put you through
[deleted]
Class shitpost. Kudos
Morning news, check covid rates misery.... then America did WHAT ? Britian NOOO you can't !
How is America the skinny one?
*laughs nervously in Canadian*
Be grand like.
Been saying for years, it shall be highlarious if Brexit causes Scottish independence and the reunification of Ireland.
This American thanks you for the laugh.  Stay awesome, Ireland.
Deliveries? They've removed 90% of the content from Prime Video for viewing in Ireland. Im raging. Debating now whether or not keeping prime is worth it at all
Life would be pretty good right now if my personal life wasn't such a mess.
What is going on with amazon?.. Nothing seems to be working like it did before. I cant get video content. Should i just cancel?
Glad to see the Europeans getting a kick out of this
We’re literally not allowed to leave our house because they think the hospital system might collapse...
We are so embarrassed in America.  Just so the world knows,  in Georgia we just elected our first Black Senator and our First Jewish Senator.  Don’t judge us by what you see happening at the Capitol.
America,  a great bunch of la....oh.
You are all the best people in the world!!
Oh, go on, Father.
We had a whole debate on the Mexican side of twitter on whether to hit buy now on our international listings or wait a bit more until the USD/MXN change rates to drop a bit more.
Britain ending is a natural process. Its been happening since 1920 Ireland and accelerated in 2014.
I ordered three books on the 20th of December and they were due to arrive first on the the 27th, then the 29th, then the 5th and finally the 9th. I was refunded for them yesterday because they were sent back to where they were originally shipped from lol.
As an American I laughed too hard at this !  😂🤣
Us googling who the heck in donnie..
Sad but true.
As a Brazilian, I just wanna see the world burn.
Can I immigrate pls? :(
I'd say its mostly London falling apart. Shits ok where I live, still working n such
Canadian's pray their government keeps the border closed
How does UK fall apart? What have I missed?
What’s that original meme?  Can somebody link a brotha up?
Royal mail legit "lost" my package a few days before Christmas. It was a Christmas present. I fucking hate when mail is either stolen by opportunistic chancers or delayed because politicians are playing football with life changing policy.
Hmmm, maybe moving to Ireland is in the stars now :)
Stayed at home the entire day

What a blessing
As someone who is in the UK please steal the six counties back. I just want out of this hell hole.
Hate begets hate. Remember to be civil.
I hear Ireland is one of the happiest place to live in the world.. Always wanted to live there, my ancestors were from there. Maybe when I'm older and retired I'll find my way back to those green and purple hills.....
Please annex us 

Sincerely, Scotland
Canada is the same as Ireland then, at least for now.
[deleted]
Fuck Amazon, stop fucking supporting that trash
American here, do you guys mind if i come over and sleep on your sofa for a few weeks? I promise not to drink all your beer, and you can explain hurling to me. I've even pitch in and buy you a bunch of Club Rock Shandy.
What's happening in the UK?
[deleted]
I miss you Ireland! Let me come back, my country is nuts!
Can I please move to Ireland? It's all I've wanted since I was 15.
Do ya'll welcome American refugees? Asking for my family.
How would an American go about getting citizenship in Ireland?  Asking for a friend.
What's going on with Britain? As an American, I truly have no idea
Both here in the UK, and the US, we elected clowns, so here comes the circus.

(I say "we": it would take for all the other candidates to pledge they will kill puppies and kittens with hammers before I even consider voting Tory.)
US expat living in Galway here. Happy to be on the 'Emerald Isle' right now, cold weather and all.
First time I saw your sub on r/all, still waiting for my 3080...
From a Scottish person, sit tight Ireland, we'll call when we need your backup
American here, can I move in with you for awhile?
Fuck Amazon! Pls don’t support them
Boycott Amazon.
Feels fine here in Blighty...
As an American, how is Britan falling apart
Y’all taking expats?
Only for lockdown and we could “go down the Winchester, have a nice cold pint and wait for all this to blow over”.
Maybe it helps if you give them the same deal as Apple
Be safe all.  
The States are falling apart.
Without sounding really stupid, what’s happening in Britain thats making us ‘fall apart’? That seems like an enormous overstatement? 

I mean we are getting on our feet a bit because we just left the EU, in lockdown and getting on with vaccines, but falling apart... am I missing something?
Ireland does not have Amazon...
They're sowing the seeds of discontent in Ireland as well. Give it a couple decades. You'll see what we were up against
As if Ireland can help.
[deleted]
What’s going on in Britain?
Just remember to shop local as much as you can while still being safe! If you find a product on amazon you like, there is a high chance the company who makes it can also deliver at the same if not better price! Just takes a few extra clicks!

Also if you can find a locally crafted item that will serve the same purpose it's always good to put money back into your community! Better than give it to a large corporation who has shady tax practices!
Ireland dusting off the Armalites and rebel songs while refreshing their memory on guerrilla tactics... with a pint of Guinness
I really wouldn’t say Britain is falling apart but ok
What's going on in Britain?
More like looking for books on how to speak Russian.
Guys I'm sorry my great grandfather left Ireland to come to the US, can I come back please? I'll be good I promise
I live in America but I guess I’m Irish.
Why yall acting like this is the end of America? If I hadn't got on the political subreddits I follow, I would have never known what happened except that my husband casually told me when it started. I took a nap and made breakfast for dinner and got my package from Amazon.
Meanwhile, in L'manberg....
Amazon delivery? Didn't know they sell Norther Ireland on there.
God I wish I wasn’t a middle class American, my wife and I want to move to Ireland so bad, I looked up how to on google...yeah that ain’t happening. Anyone wanna adopt a 37 year old History Major?
Not falling apart, it's not that bad here and definitely exaggerated in the news.
Italy great bunch of lads.

One of the most stressful games I’ve ever watched.
You're welcome my Irish friends. Can't wait for my Erasmus to Dublin now.
Let's hope bonfires get rained on tomorrow and it'll the best week ever
As a fellow Italian fan, thank you for the support guys, i love you all, made up my mind my next trip will be Ireland!
The deafening silence after they lost outside my London apartment was absolute bliss.. :) 2 hours of "it's cammming home" and beeping horns after the semis. Thank you Italy x
The absolute relief
Leonard O'Bonnucci, an Irish hero.
It's coming Rome!
Grazie regazzi, Forza Italia
grazie mille dall'Irlanda 🇮🇪
Hay England….. Sorry just got a call from football. They said they aren’t coming home tonight.
To be fair England shouldn’t have played a 19 year old on the final penalty the entire pressure of people watching at home and at the stadium was probably too much for him
High sense of relief. On the negative side, you just know that Rashford, Sancho, and Saka are going to be racially abused on social media tonight, I’d bet everything I have on it happening. It’s disgusting, unacceptable, and ultimately childish, but that’s the world we live in for ye.
Chiellini was a absolute beast
As a fellow Italian who spent two (wonderful) years in Leitrim (2019-2020), I just want to say I love ye lads and lasses.
[deleted]
The pure embarrassment of  the English supporter who decided it would be a good idea to watch the match at an Italian bar. Almost cringed out of existence when he clapped for the royals on screen.  

(Edit, I didn't make it clear that I witnessed this in person)
Us Danes can finally be at peace!
We WILL hear the end of it!
They didn’t buckle at all even when the English fans were raining boos on the Italian penalty takers. Solid performance
They scored some gabagoals
I’m just so happy for Declan Rice 😊
There's programs that dim your screen at night, and diminish blue light to almost nothing. You don't notice it at all until you need to tell what color something is. Recently I saw an image with a flag, and had to disable to filter to tell - *is that Italy, or Ireland?*

It was Romania.
I can't wait to tell this story to my grandsons and I'm only in my 30s
Vi vogliamo bene fratelli Irlandesi! ❤️🇮🇹🤝🇮🇪
As a united fan it was hard to turn off the loyalties to Rashford and Sancho.. but wait ‘till you see the racist abuse the 3 penalties missers get from a section of the England fans
Christ. Thank fuck for that
Thank Christ, England fans and commentators would have been unbearable
The worst part is, knowing Rashford, Saka and Sancho are definitely going to be getting a LOT of racial abuse.
You love to see it.
Grazie Ragazzi, forza Italia e forza Irlanda sempre 🇮🇹🇮🇪
Can we give Bonucci honorary citizenship or something 

https://twitter.com/futbolbible/status/1414344404568059905?s=21
Celebrating from Colombia too, we kinda got our revenge for 2018 🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴
6 out of 7 home games ✔️

easiest route to the final ✔️

sterling dive to get to the final ✔️

2 shots on goal ✔️

go out on penalties ✔️

excellent stuff altogether.

edit lol, now they're trashing london
the world united today to cheer against england and it worked flawlessly
**It's going Rome!**
You know, maybe it's not that relevant, but some years ago I had the chance to move abroad, and in the end the choice was in between England and Ireland. In no more than two seconds I went like: "feck those pretentious pricks, I'm moving to Cork". And I hadn't even the slightest idea where Cork was. Since then, every time I feel sad I end a sentence with "like", and I find my smile again. Like. 🇮🇪
The Italian manager won’t have to pay for a pint ever again.
Thank fuck, now let's just pray for torrential rain tomorrow! ☔
That left post took a beating tonight.
Can you imagine the absolutely arrogance had England won the euros in the year of Brexit!? So glad it ended like that, Forza Italia!!!!
Thank you pastabros 🇮🇹
Feel a bit sorry for England - penalties is a terrible way to go out. But that fella Donnarumma is a monster!
You know what, Schillaci was alright.
Those poor poor English wives
The English fan base showing their class again tonight. They reached their first final  in 55 years and as soon as their team lost they all fucked off out of there. Didn't even stick around to see their team get their medals, or god forbid, congratulate the winners. The stadium was almost empty apart from the Italian fans
Carbonara this week.
This is especially sweet living in England. The last 3 weeks have been unbearable, now finally peace is restored
Most of the English players barely had the medal on before immediately whipping it off. Is that normal for the losing team to do? Not a football fan so don’t know what the norm is, maybe it’s always done, but it seemed like kind of a sore loser move…
With all their booing, get fucked you losers. Take Conor McGregor with you.
Italy was superior the whole time. More possession, more passes, better uniforms, better fans. Congratulations to Italy.
Thank fuck they won
We did it for you guys too,much love  from Italy!
As much as I wanted Italy to win, I felt bad for them going out that way. Then they all took off the silver medals and that just seemed like a bit of a d\*ck move...
Funniest part of the match was the camera man trying to find a decent looking female English fan over the 90minites, and when he did, he kept returning to her.

The rest were Jeremy Kyle guests.
I’m arguing with an English guy in another thread. Took two jokes for him to call Ireland “an irrelevant tax haven”

If they’re pissing off the English this much they’re truly a great bunch of lads.
Delighted for Chiellini and Bonucci especially - two great players - to cap off their careers, but can't help feeling sorry for the English players.

You know that they're going to get so much over-the-top, toxic abuse from the media and public over this.
Forza Italia!!
Shoulda used more lasers I guess.
Keep crying Declan
The better team won. It was so embarrassingly obvious from straight after England scored that Italy were going to boss it. If anything, Italy should have won that comfortably in regulation. Possession stats were 66/34 to Italy. Sometimes penalties do deliver a just outcome.
This will now be the top post and deservedly so.
I brought out the mozzarella for the occasion even.
I’m half Irish and half Italian
Thank you irish brothers
The racist abuse by English fans of their own players is an absolute disgrace.
Gareth Southgate, some lad. 
Absolutely sabotaged that game and you’d have to love him for it
Any Irish buddy here, can anyone save the Italians in London please? They are persecuted right now
It’s not going home it’s going to Rome😂😂
Definitely not regretting staying up when I’m up at 5am for work in the morning.
No worry guys,we made football come home🇮🇹
Happy for Italy, especially given everything they’ve been through during COVID times & the people they’ve lost.
Love how this brings the countries together.
It definitely came Rome.
I love Italians so much
Either way London is gonna burn tonight lol
That was stressful man hahahahahah worth all the screaming hahahaha
The day I woke up and found out who won via r/Ireland before anything else. Slainte.
I switched over to BBC after the game onky to see Gary Leineker accusing Bonucci and Chiellini of being on steroids.

Ooooh yeah, here come the British press sour grapes porn! 👌

That said, got to feel for the three that missed. Watch Rashford get dragged through the mud by their right wing tabloids after shaming the government into feedibg their poorest children.
3/4s of Wembley looking like they've cleared the stands.
No Grace for your opposition.  No Heart for your own team.
Ultimate Losers.
Hats off to the English team. They played it so good the whole match. Nice that Italy won.
Gonna have a bowl of bolognese for breakfast to celebrate
Literally beaten at their own game
Well. Someone was going to post this. FORZA ITALIA!
Serves the English right for fucking over the Danes
You're welcome.
I've never loved the Italians so much in my life, absolute legends
Fucking delighted Italy won.
That fucking "It's coming home" meme needs to die. I do not watch TV or use social media so hasn't realised how widespread it was. 

I hope English fans can support the team and not turn on them in an instant, but looks like it's already happening. 

Fuck those English fans who are racist to the team that gave us our best result in a long time.  England deserves better fans!
I’m half Irish and half Italian so this win is just *chefs kiss*
Thank god, if England won we never hear the end of it! That will shut them up for a while 😂😂
Ciao
As a colourblind person I can also confirm the Irish are lovely also
It's funny I don't take as much pleasure in them losing as I would have taken displeasure in them winning.
The nation of my grandpa. FORZA ITALIA!!!!!!
As an Englishman, I'll continue to cheer for Ireland when they play whomever.

:Thumbup:
As an American, I must say before this competition I never knew that England was so hated AND that it was so deserved. This has been very enlightening, thank you.
Internet must have gone down in England
Footballs coming Rome.
I've been waiting for this exact post
Perfect subs from Southgate.
Some of English fan behaviour following the match is really upsetting to see all over a game, delighted Italy have won for this reason. They've had a great year after the tough times with covid, first a Eurovision win and now this. 

Che grande!
YHEEEE HAWWWWWWWWW
Honestly they way England took those PKs was so arrogant and I genuinely think that’s what lost it for them. They stutter stepped and faked and did everything but kick the damn ball properly into the net. Like, just fucking kick the ball and stop dicking around.
Aye, allies.
GO ON ITALY GO ON
not a bad flag eh
Go on Rome , British soldiers , Go on Rome!

Have you got no fookin Romes of yer own
no idea what's happening but Yay!!! Winners!!
I swear to god Italy's flag is just Irelands's flag but with increased saturation
Ty flag neighbours
https://i.imgur.com/PuwPnYb.jpg

This is hilarious.
Up the Italians!
Cheers friends!
From the US, I was in a British pub in California surrounded by English fans and was the only one saying Italy will win with a $50 bet. Thanks Italy, great lads!
It's coming home

Italy: Hold my spicy meat-a-ball
One of my poor unfortune future offspring is getting Bonucci in their name somewhere!
You just have to appreciate Italy's win, their were overwhelmed by English fans booing them literally everytime they had the ball, the English scored in the first two minutes, if it was any other team I think they would have lost but Italy showed great heart and composure.
Feel bad for the players. Tried their best, but fuck the fans. All of then can go home and shut their mouths. The lasers, the domestic abuse allegations, racism and the absolute inability to shut the fuck up were the key features of the English fans through the entire thing.
normally i wouldnt go in for "political football", or even football for that matter, but after how the english fans acted during the game with denmark, it seems poetic that England later lost on penalties
This happens when you put pineapples on pizza
I’m drunk off the fact that England lost!
Great post
Red is basically orange anyway.
We weren't saying that 30 years ago when Schillaci knocked Ireland out of the quarter finals! But today, yes, great bunch of lads.

They saved us having to put up with "It's Coooming Home" for the next 4 years.
I'm going to say something controversial, I felt sorry for the English team ..... right until they took their medals off, then they became cheap. How far England has fallen.
[deleted]
Any good site i can buy an italy jersey?
Is there anything to be said for another pizza?
You lads need to come down to italy and if you see our pubs, you will not be disappointed. The Guinness flows like rivers.
American here, I respect the hell out of this thread
Why is it so funny seeing English men cry?
Thanks guys for all of your support from Ireland!!
🇮🇹 🇮🇪
Bello!
[deleted]
I am glad that toxic assholes didn't win. It is just a game why would you fight like it is a war?
Regardless of anything I’m just shocked how nobody is talking about how Chiellini grabbed 19 year old Saka’s shirt and dragged him down when he was making an amazing run with no one left, nobody likes a dirty player
Fuck the English
I guess it is HOME ALONE tonight! Christams is early this year!:)
Always welcome in Portlaoise from here on out. The strength of ten horses be with them
Has anyone checked on Simon Coveney?
Yes boi! Gon on Italy!!
Great group of fellas.
Not gonna lie, was nervous there for a bit.
We got the same flag, fuck whoever says it's different. Orange is just a lighter red
My poor heart, I thought I’m going to pass out during the penalties. Viva l’Italia! 🇮🇹 what a match.

I just hope Rashford and Saka will be shielded from all the backlash and racism coming from “fans” and the media. They’re only kiddos, especially Saka. It can get nasty.
Thank you!
Grazie grazie 😊
I’m gonna spend all of tomorrow rubbing it in my best friend’s face. He’s English. I’ve been singing “It’s going home, it’s going home. It’s going. Football’s gone to Rome!” For the past 40 minutes.
Big night for the FAI 2018 Young International player of the Year
Color’s a little off on the flag, but otherwise a great bunch of lads.
Are there riots in London yet?
Who did Italy beat?
FORZA AZZURRI, EVERYONE CAN BE ITALIAN TODAY! tutti italiani oggi
Hello r/all
Thank you lads, we suffered too here. Thank you for your support, r/italy thanks you 🇮🇹
Great lads!
Thanks, you're great too lads
It's come home BOYS!!!
thank you for the support!
Caesar: creates Civilization on UK just to fucking own England at football 2000 years later.
making us proud
Thank you my man 🥲
Thanks!!!
Everyone would be rooting for Italy!
My dad works with racist Scottish and English people in the UK and loves it when England and Scotland lose.
Lads and gentlelads, this is for you, irish, scottish and welsh brothers.

Foyck Oyngland
😆
Well deserved! 

Imagine how much of a warped perspective you have to have to take your metal off your neck after receiving it after such a spectacular game
Cheers Irish brothers!
Britain really deserved that considering their behaviour against the other countries that they played against
Yank from across the pond here. That game was INTENSE. I was on the edge of my seat the whole game. Once I saw the final shot blocked I leaped up and screamed of happiness. Fuck the English
Ireland stands with Ukraine

My heart sunk today morning when I saw the headlines. It's my 1 year in Dublin. And I have no words to tell you but thank you. I just hope my family is okay it's all I want really 🇺🇦
I'm Russian, my half brother is Ukrainian. I'm in Dublin, he's in Kiev. I tried to stay out of politics, but this morning he was woken up by bombs near Kiev. I am going to regret not speaking up against Russian encroachment for years to come.
[At least include the link to the UN Ambassador saying as much](https://youtu.be/H5fcis5LfJ0?t=5532)
We cannot be held hostage by Russian gas and oil imports in Europe. If this means temporary pain while we invest copious amounts of money into sustainable energy sources for energy security, I will suffer the pain.

This shit has got to end.
How can you help? You can talk about it, you can learn about it. I know a lot of people think that changing background or profile pic is stupid but it creates visibility. I know it is not your pain and not your problem but it's a war happening in Europe and we're all part of Europe.
After waking up at 5am and seeing all the stuff that's happening I really wish everyone in Ukraine who can see this makes it out , I'm not a religious person in the slightest but I will pray for all of ye lads
My wife is Russian. She reading the news and crying.
any sane minded individual stands with ukraine.
Lads, if ye actually feel like doing something productive, for the love of God, vote out Mick Wallace and Clare Daly.

I swear every day that goes by that they are funded by RT (and therefore Putin)
Fuck occupying forces
*Temporary profile Picture added
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

•	⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua •	⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

Copy and paste anywhere you can! Spread the word!
Send in the Cork fishermen
Yeah I'm sure the lads in Ukraine feel a lot better now
Are we going to let people fleeing the conflict in and be kind to them when they get here?
Laptop background set to Ukrainian flag.
Fuck Putin and any fellow Irish person who supports him. Ya dense cunts. 

Hope Ukraine all the best, they don’t deserve this shite. Do what you can to help them. Lots of information in /r/ukraine
Considering how much effort Russia has put in to try and blame the West for it's aggression and how many Putinbots are pushing their false narrative online, this is one of the few times I can see virtually showing your solidarity being valid. 

It doesn't help Ukraine or stop Russian aggression but it least it shows that most people here aren't being taken in by the Kremlin's lies.
Have we turned into Facebook or something?
It's finally time to weaponise the Tipp jersey as a protest garment.
You know there is a Russian embassy in Ireland. It would be far more effective to protest outside there, rather than starting a virtue signalling thread on reddit. But you wont get any karma for it.  


Embassy of Russia  
Address: 186 Orwell Rd, Rathmines Great, Dublin, Ireland
Ukrainians, great bunch of lads
Meanwhile our cunt of a president (Bolsonaro) shows solidarity to Putin.
Jaysus. Fair amount of dickheads here.
The sheer amount of morons on Twitter who are taking Russias side in this conflict is fucking daft
… so expel all Russian diplomats and close embassy.
Remind me again why Russia is attacking Ukraine.
Write to your local td and ask that Ireland do as much as possible to help. We're a small country but when it comes to our humanity I couldn't be more confident in our ability to do what is right.
fuck putin. all my homies hate putin
As a Russian I just want to say that Russia ≠ putin. Our people don’t want war, and we’d much rather prefer Ukraine to be left alone. Nevertheless, sometimes I just feel ashamed of my heritage…
How about standing on the front line with Ukrainians
Sure look, while invasions are a thing, we ***could*** have a crack at England. They’d never see it coming
Despite what some people are saying about useless internet posts here, I'm proud Irish people are expressing their disgust for Putin and support of Ukraine online, even if it contributes little to nothing. It's important to show where you stand and express it peacefully and the internet is the only way most will or can express that. The red paint thrown on the Russian embassy today, bravo. Peaceful expression of distaste for what is happening. Keep that coming.
Absolutely disgusting to see the likes of Richard Boyd-Barrett, Mick Wallace, Claire Daly, various Sinn Fein TDs etc all trotting out the "west are the real war-mongers" line and sucking up to Russia.

People before Profit or Putin before People. The Irish Trotskyists still have a serious hard on for their ideological motherland.
As usual, the putin bots and "ah lads, we can't do fuckin' anything like" types are out in full force.

Fuck you, you useless cunts.

Ireland should stand in solidarity here by default, because of its past of being occupied and bullied by a larger imperialist country.
Ukraine. Sound bunch of lads
Fuck Russia
*Je suis Ukraine.*
[deleted]
Give em hell lads.
Could we do something for Ukraine?
[Link to Ukrainian Charities ](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/comments/s6g5un/want_to_support_ukraine_heres_a_list_of_charities/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Just a secondary note, all the neutrality comments: are you guys neutral to international law too? Would explain some of the crime posts we keep seeing here on the sub. I'll make sure to make a note anytime I see bullying to not intervene... I'm a neutral now.
Hon the banner!
If anyone knows anything about getting invaded by your neighbour...
I'd love to give lil vladdy a good kick up the hole! What a disgusting pos he is.
Up Ukraine!!
As a country that suffered from strong imperialist aggression, the Irish government must immediately expel the Russian Ambassador and break diplomatic, commercial, and cultural links with the Russian Federation. Ireland may be small, but our voice and standing in world relationships is larger. We cannot repeat the mistakes of the past and let Ukraine be swallowed the way Czechoslovakia was in 1938!
Any human stands with Ukraine.  


The rest, the garbage of humanity don't.
This isn't standing. This is sitting at home memeing. If you want to help, donate and protest our gutless refusal to save human lives
[deleted]
Ireland is militarily neutral as a matter of national policy.  We do not "stand" with any nation in terms of military issues.

We wish the people of Ukraine a safe and swift resolution of the crisis.
🇺🇦
IStandWithUkraine

PrayForUkraine

ChangeProfileToShowSolidarity
Putin is a motherfucker
FUCK PUTIN.
Jaysus, are we sending the fishing fleet already? Watch out.
Yes - Obviously we all stand with Ukraine.

But Fuck this Karma fishing. 

Bet the Russians are thinking twice now about the invasion

Gobshite.
Virtue signalling on steroids.
Karma farmer
A Russian taxi driver told me last night that Russia invading Ukraine is like if Ireland invaded Northern Ireland. Like it’s technically an invasion but lots of people see it as a reunification. Was he talking shite?
Is there nothing to be said for another mass
We need to throw the Russian ambassador out, and so should the rest of Europe.
This is as bad as that ‘Je suis Charlie’ fad with the French flag on Facebook. Donate some cash instead, or overrun Russian communication networks with bots or something, throw a fuckin’ rock onto Russian soil, but anything but this shite.
[deleted]
Fuck you Vlad (unless you're reading....and know where I live)
Solidarity always ❤ 🇺🇦🇮🇪
Ireland standing with Ukraine is like a 5 year old weighing in on a prison riot and asking everyone to play nice 😂

Note - I do not condone what is happening in Ukraine
Fuck, I wouldn’t even stand outside, she’s Baltic
And ever other sane nation on this planet

Right on, Ireland! Humanity stands with Ukraine! Anything that doesn’t, is just scum that needs to be scraped off our collective foot.
As does Italy 🇮🇹
I think everyone with more than two functioning brain cells is against war :(
Éire bhunaithe.
True and based.
Petoria also chooses to side with Ukraine
I wish there was something we could actually do, we are beyond civilised resolutions, and standing with Ukraine alone isn't going to save their lives, more needs to be done and now.
Good luck to all who have family or are in Ukraine
It's nice to see the world coming together too stand in solidarity against Russia.

Sadly though I don't think this will be enough to stop them
Our fellow food baskets
Please help Ukranian
Would not expect anything else
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

as a proof that you no longer need visa:

•	⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua •	⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
Fuck Putin the puto
Tonight I'll go to bed greatful to have a roof over my head, know I won't be awoken by an explosion outside, and I'll get up the next day and see my loved ones. 

I'll also shut up complaining about the most trivial of things in life. 

Today shone a light on just how fragile our humanity is
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

•	⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua •	⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
Please post where we can send money to Ireland to help refugees.
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

•	⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua
•	⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

Edit: this is a copy and paste and I encourage you all to do it too where appropriate
And from what I hear over here in America, doing a pretty bang up job about it too! Good on yall
Protest when?
Based
Yea cause this helps.
YES
Thoughts and upvotes
Cool, also utterly useless unless Ireland is one of the countries that imposes the most strict sanctions available.
So long as I can stay here in safe Ireland I stand with them in a symbolic way.
No one stands with Ukraine actually. No one will back them up. No real sanctions have been set up against Russia, because of the usual reason, greed.

Doesn't benefit our politicians, or any ones except Ukrainian.
Lets make our voices heard at the Russian Embassy - 186 Orwell Rd, Rathmines Great, Dublin
(Russia begins withdrawing troops knowing a sub reddit stands by Ukraine)
The civilized world stands with Ukraine
I'm off to /r/worldnews for some expert opinion and analysis.
Pray for the people of Ukraine 🇺🇦
Anyone else notice that, over on r/ukraine, two of the top 10 posts are related to Ireland (and there's a mad love-in for all things Ireland in said posts). 

No complaints about this or anything, btw
I've heard the Russians are retreating as we speak now. All thanks to you.
Fuck. I forgot to send my prayers.

I'll just send double the thoughts.
Solidarity means fuck all in times of war. You can't cancel the Russian army, or shame them into retreat. It's time to fight, and I'm sure as shit not going over to Donbas. Ireland is neutral.
Ireland should expel the Russian ambassador. We don't need any diplomatic relations with terrorist nations
Hon tipp
I see Sinn Fein have finally crawled out from under the rock they have been hiding behind for the last few weeks and have issued a statement criticizing the Russian aggression against Ukraine.  The Shinner Bots in the Moscow Bot factories won't like that.
[deleted]
....on Reddit...
Thoughts and prayers
I wonder how long you had this saved ready to post
Repeal the 8th Airborne Division. This invasion has been telecasted daily to Ukraine for weeks by US intelligence but they didn't believe it could happen because reasons. Now all they can do is maximise the enemy losses and play the long game, or hope Putin gets dragged into a war with NATO....
.... On reddit
Really I thought we were going to stand with the Russians 
Thanks for this
I'm sitting on the jacks, with Ukraine! 🇮🇪🤜💩🤛🇺🇦
Neva mind dem Russians pur snaks hun.
Quick lads, send more plasters!
🇮🇪🤜🤛🇺🇦
The clowns on twitter and other social media backing up Russia should be called out.

The likes of Paddy Cosgrove and his little buddy "journalist" mate, all the good PR for Russia.
Ah for fuck sake.
Simon Coveney announced today that Ireland would not be neutral on this matter. It’s not his place to say that and it’s completely unconstitutional. I believe our neutrality should be protected at all costs.
Don't forget the UK's involvement in this too. Torys boys are in bed with Vlad
Please explain to me like I'm 5. What does this mean, like how are you gonna help the situation from behind your screen? I'm sure if we all change our profile pictures to the Ukrainian flag and send prayers the whole thing will go away.
Some load of russian bots 

&#x200B;

But anyone know of anyway we can personally get involved. Like taking in ukraine refugees or any charity we can involve ourselves in?
Ireland 🤜🏿🤛🏻 Ukraine  


Neighboring an evil empire.
Ah yes, we stand by their side.

Thousands of miles away from them.
[deleted]
Boris's sanctions should solve everything.....
Is, is this Facebook ?
cringe
Yea a nice little reddit post of the Ukranian flag,  that'll help out the Ukranians currently getting bombed.

Cringe
What does that even fucking mean? I see absolutely no action from any country to help these people. It's all rhetoric and it's infuriating.
This whole thread sucks
The fucking state of these comments. People are annoyed at the outbreak of conflict and don’t know how to express themselves or show they care, so they post a picture and a message on a sub that has been designed for that purpose, and all people can do is rip into them. Pathetic.
Ugh. The virtue signaling cycle starts all over again......
You could go to the russian/Ukrainiab embassy to show your disgust/support..


Plenty of scumbags around to complain about facemasks, why not put them to good use
[Links to Ukrainian Charities](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/comments/s6g5un/want_to_support_ukraine_heres_a_list_of_charities/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Are there any charities we could donate to that will directly help the affected in Ukraine?
Might as well keep the russian troll farms busy then, eh?

https://i.imgur.com/azS7Zxb.jpg
How so? Are they or this subreddit sending help? Or is it just this picture?
Ukraine salutes you for this most invaluable work.
Aw no are we all going to post Ukraine flags to popular subreddits to feel like we've done something to help when this accomplishes next to nothing?
[deleted]
The unification of all East Slavs is coming, I can feel it.
This needs to become a thing on the internet! [I stand with Ukraine!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_the_United_States#/media/File:Flag_of_the_United_States.svg)

Edit: I hope more will join in!
Acting like this gonna stop Russia...I hope to god these "very harsh sanctions" actually change something. Putin doesn't fear criticism, he feeds off it, so don't poke the bear.
So how is this post helping
Wtf is posting this going to do?
You didn't hear? Pointless online virtue signalling is out this year.
[deleted]
Waste of space.
Cringe
You speak for all of Ireland? Wow.
ukraine trying to say russia was never involved in its history, ukrainian is its own language, definitely nothing to do with russia, banning russian language, and trying to cleanse russians from the eastern regions
Speak for yourself.
Wow that's so helpful, so when does this subreddit start sending troops, supplies or something real to help?
I get the sentiment but they need actual physical support right now. Not a picture of their flag on the subreddit.
I always wonder when people say something like this.   How are you with Ukraine? You there helping, you there fighting?  Or you just praying Russia stops and goes home?
Remember a few months ago when everyone did this with Palestine and nothing changed? Keep pretending you can make a difference with one-off forum posts, it's what Reddit does best.
Ireland hasnt even got Primary radar, it banks on the support of the RAF and is militarily neutral, how does it "stand" with anyone?

Ireland is an absolute weak link.
Keep out of it
Reddit's weaker version of thoughts and prayers.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvDlIuAXjSI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvDlIuAXjSI) poor ukrainians only want to exterminate the russians from Ukraine only a little.....
Ban Americans traveling until they sort their shit out

Brazilian here. Block tourists from Brazil as well. We are following the same path as US.
My uncle just arrived back in Ireland from Canada an cant understand why no one wants to see him for next 2 weeks. He's literally calling to people's houses and the people are waving at him from their windows but won't let him in. 
Fyi he has lived in Canada for over 40 years and in the last 2 years he has been dividing his time between Ireland and Canada.
I wasn't allowed 5km down the fuckin road but they can come over and wander about at ease? No quarantine measures, nothing. Fucking disgrace
Everyone should have banned traveling as soon as this started
[deleted]
Doesn’t the EU have a travel ban in place for Americans currently?  Was there talk in Ireland about circumventing the ban somehow?
Train full of Americans on the way to killarney today
If Canada has its boarders closed to Americans, Ireland should definitely not be open to them.
It's such an insult to everyone that lost their lives.

And those that will do.
[deleted]
I've lost my job and i've been caring for my 80 year old parents since this thing kicked off in March. They haven't been outside the house in 5 months, driving me bat shit crazy. Now I have to put up with a possible 2nd and 3rd wave from people coming in from the US. I'm mad as hell. Eamon Ryan needs a kick up the arse. They tried this two-week quarantine bollocks in Melbourne and look how that turned out.
[Oh boy.](https://i.imgur.com/bQyd3gc.png) 

This won't be taken down, folks. A fair call for some fair rules regarding the safety of our people is not hate speech, spam, or misinformation.
Enjoy the non-lockdown while it lasts fellows, we are busy getting COVID right back.  


I mean this is how we got it in the first place. No checks in airports. This is almost certainly how we are going to get it again. I don't understand it. Perhaps the government thinks that it would look bad doing so, and it has taken flack about direct provision (which is very, very loosely connected with the idea of screening incoming passengers) so perhaps they think that the public would be opposed to quarantining passengers coming from America? Or perhaps they have just given up on stopping a second wave?
if you feel this way, start emailing The Sun or Joe.ie or whatever and tweet it.  Reddit is an echo chamber and no one really picks it up.   the click bait sites pick up trends on twitter.  as mental as it is, that's how issues get attention...we need #noamericantravel trending or something like it for it to be noticed.  our powers that be have shown they will only react to that ki d of press...
I’m an American living in Ireland. Planned to go see family before Covid. The minute it kicked off I knew I wouldn’t be seeing them this year. 

My heart is broken because I desperately want to see my family. But, I know leaving would maybe expose them (what if I’m asymptomatic?) or me going there and bringing it back to Ireland after a few weeks. 

I can’t and won’t risk that, even though I have no guarantee on seeing my family again. It’s reckless and selfish. 

Anyone coming from America to Ireland for a fun trip...genuinely and from the deepest part of my heart; **fuck you**. You know you shouldn’t be travelling here. You know full well America, even in some of the least ‘hit’ states, don’t have this anywhere near ‘controlled’. 

You shouldn’t be welcomed here with open arms. Just as I shouldn’t be welcomed back to my adopted new country if I choose to go to and from America without an emergency cause.
Brazilian here. Ban Brazil too
Visitors from r/all: We set this post to Ignore all Reports around 3 hours ago - please stop wasting your time with submitting a complaint that we'll never even see. We don't care if you've been tricked into thinking that wearing a mask is a political issue.

---

**If you're living in Ireland, and concerned about passenger/tourist flights from other Countries, [Contact your TD.](https://www.whoismytd.com/)**

Social Media is good for raising awareness with the public - but that awareness is only useful if people contact their local representatives to make their voices heard.

It takes 5 minutes to find, and write to/call your local representative. It's their job to bring forward your concerns at a government level. Make your concerns known to them.

https://www.whoismytd.com/
I’m expat living in Florida. Let me tell you.... you need to stop then traveling in. Mind blowing how these people are acting.
Another American voice saying you're absolutely right. I live in NJ, a state hit really hard early on. News reports lumped us in with NY, so the awesome response by our governor was lost amid the noise. He's taken alot of shit for locking down for a long time and a slow data-driven reopening, but our curve is bent and we're one of 3 states in the green zone, which is remarkable since we're the most densely populated of the 50. 

We currently have a soft 14 day quarantine from a bunch of states that have approached the virus like selfish morons. I wish it was mandatory but I don't know how they would enforce it. We don't want any of those dumb fuckers here any more than you do. Stay strong, stay safe. 

Love, NJ. We're mean, but at least we aren't stupid.
What is the point of a lockdown if the borders are open? You are just pissing in the wind, killing your economy and still killing the vulnerable population. Why is this being accepted?

This would be why NZ has 21 deaths from Covid and Ireland has more deaths than NZ had cases.
One dumb texan was interviewed on newstalk yesterday and insisted the whole thing was blown out of proportions. That cunt is free to walk around as he sees fit.
[deleted]
As someone who works in the medical sector this really has pissed me off as its a massive fuck you to all of the front-line workers & those who lost their jobs.
Who sanctioned this? How dare they do this to us after months of sacrifice! Schools will not be back in September now and we will have to endure lockdown in Winter for what- some grubby tourist dollars? So much for green zones. Ban tourism from all covid hotspots!!!
You know, how would the world be reacting if the Chinese handled this pandemic the same as Americans?  

There would be fucking uproar. Calls for nuclear bombing. Rampant Chinese racism, the works.
[deleted]
Hi, American here. Please ban us. There's just too many idiots trying to "vacation". Some of us are trying to sort this out (in Atlanta, where I'm living, they're trying to enforce some basic precautions) but the country at large is still a mess. Again. Also it'd be nice for Trump to feel the effects of a proper travel ban. That's all, idiot American out.
Another American here. Yup, ban us please. We have no control over our citizens, and there's a large majority who think COVID is fake and masks are, somehow, taking away their freedom.
Just wanted to chime in as an American, I agree America should be banned from traveling until things greatly improve.  My wife and I went to Ireland for our honeymoon and loved every moment of it (except for the one hotel that gave us two twin beds....we just pushed them together) I can tell you that many Americans are embarrassed of our government and the hillbillies who are making everything worse.  You want to close off travel from us to protect your  country then go for it.  Will people get pissed and feel "targeted"?  Yeah, but you don't want those people anyways.  Take care of yourselves
Really the Americans? We just going to ignore the fact the Brits pose way more of a threat? And there's 1000 times more of them travelling here than Americans. Off the ferry every day, every week.
[deleted]
Jobs? How about an insult to those who lost their lives?!
I work in a very popular tourist attraction in Dublin. Americans arrived at the door to come in and were turned away when they said they only arrived in Ireland earlier today. It’s actually ridiculous that they’re allowed just come here for their holidays.
As an American, I agree
I'm an American and I absolutely love Ireland. I spent two weeks in your country by myself and traveled all around your gorgeous country in 2017. I cannot wait to return...once it is safe to do so. A ban or not, please know some of us Americans do what's right regardless. I could never forgive myself if I inadvertently caused harm to you and your great country by selfishly visiting during the midst of a pandemic. It pained me to cancel my Ireland trip this year. But I, along with many other responsible Americans, will return when it's safe. I'm not alone in my thinking. God speed to every one of us!
Americans need to be banned from the rest of the world for a few years 

Greatest country on earth? Good. Stay there.
American here, I'm lucky to live in Rhode Island. One of 2 states that are showing a decline and slowly returning to normalcy.  US travelers absolutely should NOT be allowed to travel to other countries. Hell, I don't even want people not from my state coming here!
Being from Texas and seeing the countless people at Walmart either not wearing mask once they go in or wearing it below their nose. Every other country should ban us from entry
I'm an American with loved ones in Ireland. Travel ban at this moment is honestly the smartest thing to do
“Until they sort their shit out”

And that is how the Ireland closed to Americans forever.
I’m an American who self-identifies as a plastic paddy. Been around the culture my entire life in my community, dad grew up an Irish dancer, always was playing the chieftains or the Dubliners and told me it was important to remember “our” collective peoples history. That being said, I’ve never been to Ireland. Grew up really poor and was never able to make it happen. Suddenly after university I have the definite means and could feasibly make a trip happen right now. 
But Jesus fucking Christ my actual country of birth is so fucking stupid when it comes to anything that we actually made this a political issue. I’d love to go to Ireland but I’m not going to risk transmitting anything and I don’t blame any country at all for not allowing us in. This is all unbelievably fucking frustrating.
If I meet a single person that travelled here from abroad during this entire fucking debacle, especially America, I will personally find where they're staying and I will shit in all their shoes.....
As an American, I completely agree with this. Put our whole country in time out ffs.
As an American... I'm sorry, I agree with you. We done fucked up.
In South Korea from landing you're required to fill out 4 different forms, get tested for Covid-19 and download an app where you log your temperature or other symptoms twice a day. You get assigned to an account manager who calls you regularly and tracks your location to see if you're isolating yourself correctly.
My cousin has traveled from the southern US to Kerry for a holiday. He probably wouldn't have come but business is slow so he is here on holiday. A-hole is posting on instragram going to Tesco and Aldi, touching produce to show how cheap they are for his followers. I have no respect for him now. 0 quarantine after traveling via the North.
All we are trying to say is, we still love ye, but now is just not a good time.
I'm one of those Americans who lurks here. You NEED to ban Americans from coming in. It's a silent nightmare in the US. I have been thinking about moving overseas for a while and Ireland was at the top of my list, but now I don't think I'll ever be able to leave... It really is scary here.
Agreed. Tis madness.
Adding my voice to the pile here as an American (and half-Irishman), do not let us in. We cannot be trusted.

I was in Dublin during St. Patrick's Day as I had to stopover there because I was fleeing back to America from Lebanon where I had been studying. Even though we were in the midst of a giant pandemic, all the pubs were closed, all the restaurants shut, there were STILL Americans out and about, trying to find places to drink and party. STILL.

Let us in when it's safe.
I’m an American and I can’t say I blame you guys at all. Too many inbreds over here aren’t taking it seriously and you shouldn’t have your health jeopardized because of our stupidity.
We should call for the total and complete shutdown of the entry of Americans until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.
Coronavirus isn’t real.  Every country in the world made the pandemic up to make Trump look bad so we won’t vote for him in November.  Didn’t you know that.  /s

One of my coworkers actually believes that, despite knowing someone who had corona.  And died from complications from being on a ventilator.  I guess it isn’t real because they died from the ventilator and not directly from the virus?
Anyone complained to their td?
Living in the USA rn and please please do this. The general population here is woefully misinformed and we will only spread the virus wherever we go.
It's especially worth noting that the kind of Americans that would still decide to travel anywhere outside our country are also exactly the kind you don't want. They won't wear masks. They won't social distance. They won't quarantine. Many of them won't even wash their damn hands regularly. You'd be completely insane to let us in at this point. It sucks to say it, and I'd love to see the world right now, but please don't invite this chaos back into your home.
I’m in Donegal to get away from the 12th.

Got stopped by the guards and they asked to see if we had masks and hand gel etc.

Wasn’t pissed off about it as I think it’s a good measure, but when you see this it sickens yer pish.

Stopping Irish people crossing the border but not (probably) infected Americans without so much as anything.
Getting a bit ridiculous now they are completely ignoring people’s concerns. Shut the airports for non essential travel and let us clear the virus in the our communities and maybe we can have some normality until a vaccine is available
I'm American and I 100 % agree please bar our country the president is incompetent
I am an American and I approve this message. America has like 1/4th of all covid cases in the world and a bit over 1/5th of covid related deaths in the world. We suck ass and should be banned from traveling to other countries if they know what's good for them.
American here.  It's in your best interest to block all Americans from your soil....

I own my own business, and Im dead ass serious when I say maybe 5% of my client's wear a mask ...  


Hell! I get shit for wearing a mask lol....

At this point I'm just tryna earn as much as possible , and then im dipping the hell out.
I’m an American myself and I completely support this. Our country is a fucking mess and we should not be endangering the rest of the world by our stupidity.
American here. I just want to get the hell out of here with all that’s going on. I’d gladly self isolate for weeks and get tested a hundred times over if it meant I could go someplace that’s handling this thing well, like New Zealand.
As a Texan who would live to visit Ireland,

Please ban the fuck out of us. The only thing our leaders care about is money.

Can you start an embargo or something with us? Really hit America in the pocketbook?

Dude, please?

They might start to take this seriously if you do. 

Help.
American here. Don’t let us in! Are you nuts? Our news is a damn reality TV show bordering on horror. On a sad note, I was supposed to be in Ireland today but, for obvious reasons, we canceled our vacation. Stay safe over there!
This is Trumps most cunning plan.. The Mexicans are currently taking bids on constructing a wall.. Trumps a fucking genius
Just emailed all my local TDs. I think its completely worthwhile for as many people to do this as possible and do not stop hassling them next week.
Yanks at it again.
Please do, I don’t want anyone to think I’m a tourist...
I’ve lived here for three year and I’m worried about someone starting something with me over my accent... never gotten any flack before but it’s never been this kind of situation before.
As an American, ban us or face the wrath of a thousand Karens
Such an insult to everyone who lost their lives more like.
They should close the pubs to. did you see everyone in Dublin how desperate are you for a drink
Didn't Europe ban Americans from coming tho?
It doesn't matter if they are banned or not. They can still get into this country through northern Ireland. Plus they also don't have to self isolate for 2 weeks if they arrive through Belfast.
american here. i wouldn't trust any flight coming out of the US no matter how many precautions are being taken. there are simply too many idiots here thinking masks are an assault on their freedom walking around spreading COVID. it's so frustrating.
As an American who has visited Ireland and longs to return one day...I agree. If everyone in my stupid country could just stop being a selfish cockwobble for a little bit things would be so much better. But alas...here we are.
As an American, I support this message.
As an American, every country should.
Mask wearing isolated American here, this is why we can't have nice things.
>Ban Americans traveling until they sort their shit out

So it's gonna be a permanent ban?
Damn right, let Clown World figure it's shit out.
Please everyone just ban us from leaving our country fucking embargo us we need to sort our shit out
Shut it down, **we are an island.** New Zealand case in point. Unless you hold an Irish passport sorry you can't arrive. And go the same out, you can't leave unless you go into lockdown when you get back. Of all the fucking places to have a best zombie apocalypse and live, is an island.
i recommend a perma ban for all us citizens to the eu
American here. Please do our, leaders are retarded and our citizens are more retarded. The last thing anyone should want is somewhere from here. The fact that people don’t want wear masks and get together in large groups is ridiculous
I honestly hope we get banned from every country. Maybe it'll help these morons realize that we obviously did something wrong
I'm an American, I was supposed to be going to County Mayo in mid July for a family reunion/inauguration of sorts. I cancelled everything. I live in a state that refuses to make masks mandatory and has one of the fastest growing infection rates. I haven't seen my mom since March because I work in a very fast paced retail environment. This was a personal choice for me because I wouldn't want to expose anyone to anything I've been exposed to. They make me so sick not making this na easy choice
Due to my work I see certain statistics and you would have no idea of the amount of people that arrived in Ireland from feb to June. Its really shocking stuff.
Is your Govt not restricting travel from the USA?
They fucking well should be if they aren't.
Rise up, give your Govt a reason to pay attention to reality
Any country that allows Americans in right now has no love for it's citizens.  This coming from an American. Not only do we not have it together, Disney World opened today while the virus is raging outside it's gates. What a hot mess.

Edit: added info
Take a shot everytime someone mentions they're American
As an American, it sucks that most of us want to do the right thing. Its prolly just 20% that make up the dumbass population, and a shit government. A lot of local governments are doing a good job, but then theres Florida, fuck Florida.
They are not bringing their best people.
Hey! As an American let me tell you one thing, buddy... I totally agree. I don't think it's safe to allow people from here to travel there right now. My state even has a mandated mask order and there are still so many who won't do it. Canada has the right idea and I hope they're smart enough to keep the border closed as well.
If every single American had Covid-19, there is zero chance that our government will ever suspend or ban flights from the US. It's not even being contemplated or entertained. That's because our pathetic government are completely terrified that banning flights from the US or UK or anywhere would constitute some sort of insult to these countries and adversely affect foreign direct investment. They are terrified of Trump tweeting "So Ireland bans flights from USA? Maybe I'll ban US companies avoiding tax over there!"
Airports and Ports should be shut for tourists. Unless goods are being shipped, there's no need for travel in the world right now.
I am an American and I hate what is going on in this country. I want to go somewhere else, not to push an American agenda but to live in peace (at least somewhere more peaceful than the US). Please know that what is going on isn’t a reflection of all a Americans but the media only shows the bad things going on.
As an American, I agree wholeheartedly
Then ban china , south America , middle east, britan, india, africa and the philippines.!!!
I live in Seattle. 

I want nothing more than to go home to Derry right now.

But it shouldn't be allowed.
American here- don't let us in.
Fine. I didn't want to go anyway! 😭
I'm just kidding. Please fucking ban us.
They're already blaming youn people for the spike in infections
I think most of the flights have been banned, right? The only exceptions are people that need to travel for education/ work purposes and in these cases they are demanded to stay 15 days in isolation once they arrive in Ireland.
Just contacted my local TD.
Have u guys seen the bullshit spewing out of Fox News? Lol the more surprising thing is people buy into it lol
The EU gov will probably put pressure on the Irish gov, or impose the same bans placed on America on Ireland
I thought the EU ban Americans? Isn't Ireland a part of the EU?
American here who loves to wander your country- long past time to ban our collective asses from coming over.   


My region (New England) has its collective shit together finally while  the rest of the country is rapidly becoming  a friggin shit show.  To make life worse, we're getting infested with touroids from the now shit show areas and we can't ban them from showing up and spreading plague.  


But you guys sure as hell can ban us.  Please do so.
[deleted]
I'm an American and I agree. We aren't even halfway through it.
Makes no sense as we are closed off for a lot of other countries (even the 14 day rule doesn't apply, they are straight up barred entry)
Two years ago I had my ticket to come over (from US). Passport issues killed that trip. Had my ticket this past April to try again. Y’all know what happened this time. I promise you, until we are safe to travel, I will stay home. I can only apologize for the asses that care more for their own pleasures than anyone else’s health and well being. 

PLEASE don’t let us in.
I do agree there doesn’t seem much benefit not doing this , but having spent the last week travelling around Kerry I can confirm the rumours of Americans crowding every bar in Killarney are a tad embellished. .. as in I haven’t come across a single one. The principle is fair, but let’s not get too carried away with how disastrous this is .
As an American,  please keep us out for the foreseeable future.
Look at the parties happening in the Southern US.........dangerous stuff
I wouldn't allow us in
American here, I agree wholeheartedly.
this is fucking hilarious and very handy as I can show it to clueless yanks whom think america must be doing just as bad as anywhere else...

northern ireland is another point of concern as they've relaxed their travel restrictions.
As an American, I would have to agree. I really wish we would get our shit together. Our covid response has been a joke. I don’t want our stupidity to endanger the people of Ireland, or anywhere else for that matter.
I’m an American, and I agree with you.
As an American, after reading this post I feel targeted, threatened, and I demand to speak to the manager of Ireland.
Absolutely the rest of the world should ban American tourism for the foreseeable future. 

Source: Am American. We done fucked up.
We should build a wall around America..  /s
Yeah, we suck.  Sorry.  I had a nice time there over New year's though.  I'll be back when this is all over.  It's seriously not fair that you can get garlic sauce literally everywhere, I still come complain to my wife about how nobody here has any.
American here: fuck yeah, please show intelligence because apparently we can't.
What the fuck! I thought they were stopped
American here, I completely understand. If we can’t behave in our own country, I don’t see why other countries should have to deal with it.
As an American I can say without a doubt. 👊🤡👍 We're all a fucking joke.
This fucking sucks, I hate living here. I come back every summer to visit my dad and cousins and this is the first time since i moved where I can’t and it’s solely down to my shithole country
I am an American and I endorse this message.
American here 👋
Please ban us! I firmly believe every country should ban US travellers.

We're a bunch of idiots, and those are us who aren't idiots are still getting sick.
(I've gotten Corona somehow while doing all recommend safe practices, masks, social distancing, hand washing, limiting shopping trips to once a week max.)

Please keep us out of your countries!
American here, and I completely agree. These people are just straight up retarded, no way around it. We can’t even fight off a virus without starting a race war like damn. Our priorities are wack.
I’m an American and I ABSOLUTELY agree!
I am from America. It was a very wise decision for America to block people from other countries coming into our country, which is ironic, considering how much flak we got for it. It slowed the spread quite a bit until we just gave up and said it was too difficult to stop.

From this point of view, you absolutely should close your borders to travellers from America, making as few exceptions as possible.
I'm American.  I hope every sensible country bans us. Its hard to have hope for any intelligent leadership here but if we start seeing "real" repercussions for our idiocy then maybe people will be forced to take this shit more seriously. I put real in quotes because obviously the 100k+ dead isn't enough of a repercussion for some people.
American here.  You should definitely ban Americans indefinitely.  It's unbelievable what idiots we have over here.
As a citizen, family man and small business owner im disgusted at the lack of leadership and decision making by our government. We've all worked damn hard to get ourselves to a point where we can interact with each other. 
At the very least the people that we allow within our boarders should commit to our level attentiveness to public health.
American here. Yeah, we should be banned! I left Ireland on March 15 and am ashamed by the way the people and the government is(not) handling the pandemic!
I'm over here in Canada hoping they stop letting the fuckers in because they're "going to alaska".

Take a plane or a boat you fucks!
I'm American and want to ban other Americans from coming to our state. People are beyond stupid.
American here. I would love to visit your beautiful country some day but it won’t happen until this country gets its shit in order. In my opinion no one should be allowed to leave this country at this time.
As an American, I wouldn't let me in.
American here, I fully support this.
As an American, you gotta do it.  It’s too much a risk.
American here, do yourself a favor and ban us for eternity. We are honestly more trouble than we're worth.
Am American, don't let us anywhere fucking near you.
Your hotels are open? They're still not open in Scotland (that I'm aware of) so hard to be a tourist unless you're sleeping in a ditch or something

But yeah that's pretty shitty. US cases are way higher now than they were in March at the start of all this.
Please do. We suck.
As an American I am truly sorry that people from my country have the nerve to travel to other countries at a time like this. Its pretty fucking embarrassing tbh
Massachusetts here. Damn straight advise. Trump is destroying America.
I am american, plz don't let us enter your country.
You're thinking about this all wrong. Let Americans (and others) in, but require they spend their quarantines at high end hotels with lots of cameras and eat and drink using room service only. (slightly /s)
We are so fucked here in the US.
As an American, I concur. We're a shithole country at the moment.
American af. Totally agree.
Canadian here. Stars above help us, ban them.
As an American, yeah that’s the best call. There are a lot of us still social distancing, wearing masks, and constantly washing our hands, but so many more who don’t care. You’ve gotta do what’s safe and sadly, we as a group are too fucking stupid to be safe
I agree. I will vote blue this time, but I’m nervous we’ll just see a terrible back and forth from now on with each side forcing us to vote for the lesser of evils now that they’ve figured it out this past cycle.
As an American, I agree. Place is a disease ridden shithole.
I'm American and I agree with this
As an American, yes you really shouldn't let any of us in.
American here, born a raised here. PLEASE DO!! So many people still don't take this shit seriously and it shows. Please protect your own. Plus, shutting us off might make people see how serious it is. I am 100% all for other countries closing their boarders to us, I'm pretty sure Canada and Mexico already have. If I could get out of this country I absolutely would. Americans are not safe right now and even before all this, we were not very good for the rest of the world. Don't let Americans undo all the hard work and shit you all already had to go through to get your people in a safe situation. Most Americans still think it's a political hoax which absolutely dumbfounds me. We already cause enough death and destruction as it is we don't need to help spread this deadly virus to the countries that have finally come out of there battle. If we fall, let us fall. The world doesn't deserve to suffer because our people can't get there own heads out of there own asses.
As an American I support this.
Everyone should now refer to it as the “American virus” when speaking to Trump.
American here. Ban the fuck out of us. please. the smart people among us aren't trying to travel. it's only the idiots. ban travel.
American here. Every country should absolutely block Americans from entering, you are 100% correct. We don't deserve the rest of the world if we pretend reality is fake. Anyone saying this is hate speech, etc, is an American that is angry for being called out on their bullshit.
American, that is completely understandable and responsible. The states are a shit show
My wife and I wanted to visit next year. We've decided against it because of what's happening over here. Hope everything goes well for y'all.
Ban Americans from everything not American. They love their country so much, let em sit in it. With everything happening in America right now, nothing good can come from them.
American here,  don't let us in....
I am an American and a nurse. Stay alive. Keep us out until collectively we stop being shits.
As an American, please ban us. The last thing the world needs is more idiots running around spreading this stuff again. And maybe if we get banned from enough places we'll take it seriously, though I don't anything can change some of these peoples minds
American here, please, don’t fucking let a single one of us in. Our “President” doesn’t know what the fuck he’s doing. Ban us until we get our shit straight.
American here. I am 100% in agreement everyone else needs to ban us from your countries!  I’m following mask and social distancing protocols but am so disappointed at the amount of stupidity around me...smh...
As a citizen of said infected hell hole:

Lock us out like we're the ward in the Walking Dead's first episode
American, here. Please keep us out, for now.

America has lost its fucking mind, and we need to sort out some shit. I mean, *obviously*, right?
American here. 


Do it for the love of god, US tourists, tourists in general, can just be such selfish idiots, they have no care for other people’s safety, and plus they can bring the rona to Ireland. Stay safe broskis.
From America. Visited your beautiful country. 


Ban us. We don’t have our shit together. Just remember it’s not every Americans fault :/
Same in Canada....they decided to let Americans in who had elderly relatives here and they have been violating our quarantine regulations and causing infections in areas where they have had no cases for weeks! So maddening and unnecessary.
American here - please ban us. Seriously, don’t let us into your country.
Americans will be glad to tell you how much percentage of them are Irish... LMAO 😂😂😂😂
American here. Please ban us. Seriously.
I’m a Hispanic American and I agree! 😂
American here. Don’t let us in. I beg you. Learn from our leadership’s mistakes and our country’s idiots.
I emailed the new Minister for Health 6 days ago. He has yet to respond, not even an automated email.
Irish government hungry for American money. 
I'm appalled we nearly got rid of covid and here our new government is welcoming the second wave right to our doors.
Cancel flights to all countries failing to contain the pandemic, THIS IS COMMON SENSE.
As an American, I upvote this.  Americans, please just stay home.
From an American, hell yeah block us.
You're right. We don't have our shit together here at all. I'm in Massachusetts, we almost have our shit together, but unless we blockade the mouth-breathers from outside New England soon, it won't matter. Save yourselves, it's too late for us.
As an Italian-American, I approve.
American here: please make us suffer. There’s no reason for anyone in this country to travel. People here are being infect and dying on a massive scale. Because so many still choose to believe that the virus will just miraculously disappear in November (our presidential election).
Am American, am fine with this. We deserve it for letting the idiots breed.
American here. Screw off for being so right lol we're number one in all the wrong metrics thanks to our man child president, fact-denying populist idiot. Keep us away at all costs, even the sane ones. We understand.
American here.  Agree 100%.
As an American who had his honeymoon in Ireland - I support this. We’re idiots, and it saddens me.
As an American I fully support this. We are the height of stupidity.
American here. I agree with the travel ban. And I apologize for America being America.
As an American,  I fully support this. This country is mostly morons who can't help but hurt themselves and not give a damn if they hurt others. I have so little faith in humanity anymore.
Please ban us. Do whatever you can to stop the spread while this retard in office does the exact opposite.
As an American who has visited Ireland and wishes to do so again some day... yes, ban our stupid asses.
As an American, I support this. I wouldn’t want us anywhere near your country either right now.
As an Alaskan, I couldn't agree more.
Another American here. BAN US please. A message needs to be sent. We are struggling here.
American here. First off, yeah, sorry, we are trying our best to get him the fuck out, and two, please ban us. We deserve this hell, but not everyone is like it.
Please do. If we survive this shit our 5 year goal is to be living in Ireland. Been trapped in this hellhole for a few generations, since my ancestors arrived at Ellis Island.
We have the problem of Americans coming up to bc claiming to be going to Alaska then actually illegally staying in Canada. Legit just had a guy infect 3 other people and get federally quarantine. Somehow the Canadian government isn't banning Americans entry all together.
Yankee here, completely agree. Y’all probably should just keep us out indefinitely. As you well know we can be obnoxious
We’ll have our trash cleaned up by November
As an American, please lock your borders down and save yourself. Do no be stupid. This is a great opertunity to not have people requesting Bud Light in your pubs. I'm not sure it's not in your best interest to never let us back in.
ITT: "As an American..."
My s/o and I have been planning our move (which is in 3 weeks!!!) since November. Absolute shit timing but we’re taking precautions and will be quarantining when we arrive. Definitely understand shutting down travel from here though, it really doesn’t feel like there’s a pandemic going on at all. The state we live in is one of the worst atm and it’s been tough isolating ourselves so we don’t get exposed but it’ll be worth it! I’m not sure what we’re going to do if travel is shut down, it’s certainly very worrying
You shouldn’t let anyone in. The Brits are probably bringing it in too.
Man us teenagers are trying our best for lockdown, and now Trump is threatening to cut funding to schools if they don't reopen... What a wee cunt
I’m American and I agree, keep us the fuck out. Half our country are idiots
As an American, do it. Maybe the morons with self righteous bullshit will realize the world does not revolve around them - or even want their presence.
I’m American and I think should happen!!
American here. We just found out our grandma has it. She’s in a home, and she hasn’t been around any family members. But even after receiving that news yesterday, I just had to explain to a family member today, for like the fifth time, why/how wearing masks helps stop the spread of the virus. I’d ban us too.
Sounds fair, they should follow your advice. As a American I say go for it.
American here.  You’re absolutely right - no country on the mend should allow Americans in.
Let’s be clear:it is absolutely the right of Irish people to decide who they want in their country.

If America cared for even a second about their citizens welcome overseas, maybe they should have thought about that before gargling the idiot ball on Covid. Anyone that’s mad about this needs to talk to their Senators and Governors, not /r/Ireland.

I’m American, for what that’s worth.
Canadian here. Even we have shut down our border with the U.S.
Dunno, seems kinda racist
America Lost so much credibility over this shit, it's hard to believe how fucking stupid we are as Americans
Another American here to say ya definitely don’t let us in haha. We shouldn’t even be allowed to move around within the country honestly
I'm an American, and it's ridiculous that you people think that you should go around restricting our travel. 

*We* should be restricting it. A lot. You shouldn't have any obligation to do so.
Politicians to afraid to stand up for the people they are supposed to represent. Grow a pair and ban travel until this pandemic is under control worldwide. It’s an insult to our health workers etc who have been putting their life at risk for months. And if the north want to allow anyone to travel turn them back at the border. How many people have to die before they cop the fuxk on
Imagine how us Canadians feel.
It’s absolutely ridiculous, sacrificed months to suppress the virus . The first time it came in from Italy, same way through flights. 

I think nearly all other countries in Europe are banning flights from highly infected areas . I’ve heard a few Americans on the streets of Dublin and it’s very uncomfortable. 

The thing is , a lot of Irish people are going on holidays too . There were 15 cases last week that were travel related . Absolutely fuckery of the finest level . Cases are back up to double figures and I wouldn’t be surprised if they go up to 3 by the end of July / mid August .
American here.

Please block me and my countrymen from entering, our governments response (and people) shows we don't care about anybody else.

As much as I'd love to be able to visit your beautiful country, your citizens take first priority. 

Much love from the other side of the pond, and I hope you stay safe and healthy.
Yea I'd suggest keeping us out.
As an American I agree
Apparently there was a flight that came in from
Dallas yesterday. I mean wtf? Its got over 1000 new cases daily at this point.
Hundreds of Americans are coming to do Donegal via Belfast it's fucking disgusting
Americans here! Please don’t let us in, half our country is in a cult and refuses to wear a mask. The more people to exclude us from travel the more the USA government *might* consider this a serious fucking matter
American here. I agree. Please, every country block travel from the US. We aren't really that great of tourists to begin with. I understand if your country needs the money from tourism, but in my opinion the dollars are not worth the lives.
As an American (non dumbass) this is completely reasonable.  Our administration is a complete disaster and they're robbing us blind to boot.
Paddy whack all yanks on site
As an American I strongly agree
On behalf of my fellow countrymen, I apologize for the sizable portion of them who were fucking idiots and began protesting lockdowns. It’s unbelievable. There are a lot of us who are still on lockdown and have been since the beginning though. I’m on month 5
American here. Please ban us.
As an American, Ireland should be blocking Americans from entry.  Please send help!
Please ban us
As an American I agree on this! 


Every country that followed quarantine orders should either ban us or 14 day quarantine anyone coming from a country that didn't. 


We have idiots preaching that they can't force us to wear masks... stupid selfish idiots. Not all of us are like that though. Some of us are taking it serious and did and are still quarantining as well as willing and happily wearing masks. So my hope is that only those who took caution and cared for others survive and then those selfish idiots that didn't don't.  

They contribute nothing to the community and endanger others, hopefully they learn the hard way.
Yeah you should absolutely fight us coming.

Apparently our nation is chalk full of selfish assholes.

Which I sort of knew, I mean I knew...but now i REALLY REALLY know.
Thought the EU was handling this?

ps: American here, but living in Ireland for 10 years now. Thank fuck.
As an American, I have to say this is fucking ridiculous. 


Nobody should be letting Americans in their country right now. I wouldn't even let an American in my *house*, and I live here! These fucking lemmings have been throwing so-called "Covid Parties" where large groups of untested people gather without masks on. The goal? To flaunt their utter disrespect for other people's health and safely. Then they act shocked when they get sick.
Here here from the other side of the Irish Sea. America's a mess right now, and they're putting us at risk.
American here. Please do, we want more incentive to stay quarantined.
As an American, I agree.
They are flying in from Belfast and then traveling around Kerry. Unless Ireland blocks off NI it is up to the UK to stop them
As an American, I totally agree
As an American I approve of this message.
Why do we let stupid people govern us?
It doesn't help that the Americans most likely to travel are also the ones who are least likely to wear a mask, distance, or take any symptoms seriously.

It's almost certain that we will get a second wave from this. Its how the virus got here in the first place after all.

The government is brain dead. We need to be extra careful now with our distancing and mask wearing. Best thing to do is stop the spread amongst Irish people.
I like the first two words best. American Tourists are destroying Ireland's culture.
As an American who wants to visit Ireland really really badly, I 100% agree.
Someone told me it's not that easy. That it would take at least 4 years to get a ruling of that size
Please don't move here. Ireland is crowded enough as it is, it isn't fair on the people who live here who need their jobs back, it isn't our fault your ruler is ridiculous. Nothing against anyone but it isn't fair for loads of people to be moving here and taking up space and homes
Honestly as an American I’m ashamed that America is being lead by an... orange-Itan
Block the airports as the flights start coming in.
You think we got control over our fascist government? Look at the Portland protests.
I am from the U.S. I agree with this, my county needs to fix itself.
The struggle is real: The indignity of trying to follow an American recipe when you’re Irish.

Same craic following American woodworking plans. 7/8 of an inch and such. Have Alexa set up at my bench to convert stuff. Handy but a pain in the arse all the same.
I was on an American website that had the option to change from imperial to metric. 1/2 tbsp became 0.5 tbsp. Feckin handy that was.
The worst thing in recipes is that the ingredient "is available in most supermarkets", when I see that I 100% know it is not, Jamie Oliver was the worst for it
 But consider the Americans in Ireland discovering what a "couple of pints" means.
Kosher salt.
I kind of get the others, but who the fuck doesn't know what a bell pepper is?

The concept of "a stick of butter" is infuriating to me.

I also hate cup measures with a fucking passion. Just use milliliters and grams you American fucks!
Stick to BBC Good Food and you'll be alright.  

Edit to add: Jamie Oliver's site is a safe bet also.
[deleted]
How the fuck did you find the recipe hidden in the 30 pages of their authors fucking life story.
Wait bell pepper isn’t American term is it?
Have you a problem with freedom units or something? /s
Hahaha, my girlfriend does this when she's using recipes from the US. Drives me mad, I can't use anything American. If I'm ever searching for a recipe I add BBC to it.

The yanks are always going on about cups of things. Any Irish person knows that there are hundreds of different types of cup
Cilantro=Coriander
Is a "cup" a standard measure or literally an actual cup? I've been so afraid to ask
I'm fully Filipino and I have a similar problem but with Irish and British recipes. What the hell even is a rocket?!
for the curious:

arugula = rocket? that's the only other name I know it by. it's a leafy green. 

bell pepper = capsicum or sweet pepper

1 cup = 236.6 mL liquid, around 130 grams dry ingredients like flour (but your mileage may vary, dry ingredients can measure weird in cups and I concede that grams is the superior way to go here)

1 stick of butter = 1/2 cup = 113 grams

cilantro = coriander leaf

source: am American but cook often enough to frequently have the inverse of this problem.
This is why we had it right first time around.

Take meat. Add oats. Add potato. Boil of 9 hours. Will keep for 6 months.
Nobody asked what you were making! Tell us!
Have dealt with those for many years, but the worst thing is temperature conversion charts only going between F and C, and never a gas mark to be seen.
Weird that OP didn’t credit the author of this joke https://twitter.com/amyohconnor/status/1265286753096814601
Fuck me who ya tellin. My ex found a recipe online years ago for some American fast food cookie, I dunno some biscuity shite. Because we no speak Americano , the measurements were way off. Long story short way to many oats were used, cookie was a gigantic slab of crumbs and it smelled like a Quaker farted in my kitchen.
"Add one packet of Ranch"  WTF???
Thats why I love the first binging with Babish cookbook, he has an index table of Americanisms
Hey Google - "what's 400 degrees Fahrenheit in Celsius again?"
Bell Pepper is what they are here though..?
Tunisian here 🤚🏻 and I'm here to say that the imperial measuring system can fuck right off. Have to spend 10 minutes converting everything to metric so I can make a brownie.
I wouldn't call it indignity when someone else starts speaking in code..... Unless your still trying to push the eggplant or zucchini into the auld mars bar mug you got at Easter.
What is any of that shite
Omg! Cilantro lol, for the longest time I thought it was some exotic spice, but it’s just coriander...
If you are going to do a lot of cooking following US recipes, you should invest in a measuring cup like this 

https://www.amazon.co.uk/International-Cookware-Arcuisine-Borosilicate-Measuring/dp/B00L2IG1SY/ref=mp_s_a_1_4

And a set of measuring spoons. 1/2 teaspoon, 1/4 teaspoons etc pre-measured out. https://www.amazon.co.uk/KitchenCraft-Colourworks-Piece-Measuring-Spoon/dp/B003SZU66W/ref=mp_s_a_1_3
ok, maybe not the point of the post but while we're here can I yell about the fucking recipe format that gives me the instructions in one place and the measurements in another section roughly 10km away?? WHO DECIDED THIS WAS THE WAY?? WHOEVER THEY ARE, I HATE THEM!

its awful! Why don't we put our measurements in our instructions! Now there's flour all over my phone! 

/rant
I had a rough time learning to cook when I was younger. I would watch Gordon Ramsay and such. Being American I was doing the reverse of this screenshot, lol.

Wtf is corriander? Oh cilantro. How much butter is a knob? How many grams in a cup? What the hell is creme fraiche?
Y'all, I'm *crying* at this thread. We always have people come onto the New Orleans subreddit and ask about making local dishes, and I always feel so bad when they're international people like...what is roux, what is filé powder, what's the holy trinity, WHY DO Y'ALL HAVE WEIRD NEW ORLEANS NAMES FOR EVERYTHING?
American here.  Good morning from Boston. If it makes you feel any better, I bought Mary Berry’s baking book because of the show and it’s almost unusable. We don’t have caster sugar outside of very particular import shops (our granulated sugar which is smaller than your granulated sugar in terms of grain size is still too big). I had to Google some of the flour types and while you can get self rising flour here, it fell out of fashion and nine out of 10 bags on the grocery store sell or not that and you can only get it bleached from some crap flower brand.

A cup is 454 mL or 8 fl oz and it’s a very particular item that people buy for baking (I rather your mom got a set of measuring cups when she got married and has never had to buy new ones again). A cup is a half pint, but I think that Europeans might have redefined those to be metric. I met someone who used actual cups for measuring but she also complained to me that her recipes never come out for some reason…. If you were measuring out a cup of flour you need to stir the flour to loosen it, then spoon it gently into the cup and level it off without packing any of the flour. Every single thing that asks for a cup assumes that you have filled it up but then scraped off the top so it’s completely flat.

Our sticks of butter are 113 g (I just checked), and are officially half cup, volume wise and comes with markings for 8 tablespoons that you can cut with a knife. 

You probably call arugula “rocket”. 

Bell peppers are among the commonly found peppers in our grocery stores in the vegetable section. These are the kind of peppers better you grow and eat the skin, not the salt and pepper kind of pepper (peppercorns). They’re more cylindrical shaped then bell shaped. But they are not pointy like a lot of the peppers that you might grow in a garden or hot peppers. They are bigger than a fist (maybe about the size of two small adult hands clasped together and not at all hot. They are picked when they are green, yellow, orange or red and will have very different flavors depending on the color. Bell peppers are a common grocery item by another name, you can just substitute in any non-hot flavored pepper that you like.
If you don't know what a bell pepper is the issue may lie elsewhere.
The cup thing is annoying, so I use a mug.
This is why I have both metric and US measuring cups, it makes it that much easier.
Also, a block of butter here is the equivalent of four sticks of butter (or 2 US cups), so half a block is one cup (113.5g).

I may have quite a few US recipes saved...
Mate, just use BBC good food.
It's not just Ireland, it is literally every single country other than the USA
But better question
Why is cilantro
Much like how we feel in the US when we see a recipe that says to roast aubergine with 300g Parmesan in the oven at gas mark 4.
The most shocking thing I have ever attempted to eat was Chinese food in Galway. It was bright red slimy sweet dough with hard nuggets of dried pork embedded in it served over wet candied rice. And I thought mid-western Americans had shitty taste.
Americans have gone back a step on the evolutionary ladder. r/MetricMasterrace
My hatred for the cup as a unit of measurement is real. What size cup!?
Yo Irish friends. A cup isn't just any random ass cup you have. It's a standard unit of measure like ml
Ah-reg-eno. No, its Or-ee-ganno you fuckers.

Erbs? Why dont you pronounce the H you fuckers?
Best tip I can give. Don't follow american recipes.
Haha, that was me the other night. I ended up just throwing stuff into my recipe and it seemed to work. Toilet hasn't been the same though.
Amy o Conner? the original poster on twitter? is that you ?

&#x200B;

 [https://twitter.com/amyohconnor/status/1265286753096814601](https://twitter.com/amyohconnor/status/1265286753096814601)
If you're ever unclear, just ask a Canadian. We live in the terrible no-mans lands between Metric and Imperial where recipes will call for 3tbps of butter and 250ml of milk, a head of cilantro, coriander if you're feeling frisky, 8 inches of a celery stock, and a gram of salt.
Cilantro...TURNS OUT ITS JUST FUCKING CORRIANDER!!
what is a faucet?
As an American, this is how I feel when trying to follow European recipes - love the googling of what a bell pepper and stuck of butter are 😂
I wish you would have snuck a real existential tab in there.
Yesssss! Then add in the family background, the emotion behind the recipe blah blah blah! I just search for European recipes now.
Cup is such a dumb measurement, especially for dry ingredients that dont take into account how tightly packed in it is
I had this experience using an American wine recipe that used gallons which I thought was perfect for my UK gallon demijohns. It turns out US gallons are not the same as UK gallons.
2 cups one girl
I hear ya haha Looking for kosher salt when regular salt is perfectly fine hahah 🤣
And for the love of Jiminy, who the hell measures butter in cups?

I once asked an American foodie friend if she had a weighing scales in her kitchen and she stared at me and said "of course!"

So she *could* have weighed the butter instead of cramming it into greasy cups and teaspoons; just cut a slice off the block and weigh it, simples!

Also, cups are a volume, not a weight. One cup of cornstarch does NOT weigh the same as one cup of sugar. Translate cups into either mls, or "fluid ounces" (the size of an ounce of water)

Translate ounces/pounds into grams. 

Volume to volume, weight to weight.

Also, they say things like "one package of..." without saying what SIZE package!

And just as a public kindness, let me share that in the USA, a "square" of cooking chocolate means one ounce by weight. It took me years to establish this. You're welcome.
"a stick of butter" -- americans will measure with anything but the metric system
Okay but what are they all called in Ireland?
And this is after scrolling past the life story of the person and the journey they took to create this recipe.
Is butter not sold in sticks in Ireland?
[deleted]
Learn from your Canadian friends: just become fluent in every system while you wait (forever) for the Americans to see the light...
Ya but wtf is a scallion? 
 
This post brought to you by the rest of frikkin Europe

Edit: Thanks for the messages to everyone who doesn't understand sarcasm. Yes I do actually know what a scallion is; go eat a fucking rutabaga
Hey! Hey, you there! What the hell is this? (holds up a measuring cup)

That's an inferior measurement, Father.
My trick is I just wing it. 
 Yea that looks like a cup.
Yea thats about 6 inches.
This is probably a half stick of butter.

....i don't recommend this as a strategy.
So american here.... Wtf do the irish call cilantro? It's cilantro! Thats the only word i would use to describe it outside of the term "green leafy plant".
You guys don’t have bell peppers or cilantro?
As a Canadian, I have two questions:

1. Ireland doesn't have bell peppers?

2. Doesn't the UK use cups, too? Shouldn't you be used to that nonsense from your neighbours?
So how would an Irishman explain the answers to these questions?

I'm just curious.

Also whats up with stick of butter?  Do you just get yours in tubs or bars or something?
I can convert from freedom units to metrics no sweat (I have a cheat sheet with the conversions I use the most). But what infuriates me is when I search for recipes for something specific (like white cake), and it starts with "take a box of brand name cake mix...". Thanks, but that's not a fucking recipe! And those mixes aren't found here, give me a real recipe!
this is like reading a Mexican recipe and complaining when it's in Spanish
Am American and get annoyed when recipes call for a cup of butter... It's already in sticks. Just tell me the number of sticks so I don't have to mash butter down into a measuring cup.
American here! 

I'm now genuinely curious about butter in Ireland! What form does it typically come in? The butter I buy here in the US does come in "stick" form, and labels itself "Pure Irish Butter"... Apparently that's nonsense and I'm curious what actual Irish butter is like! I tried searching for it, but most of the results brought me back to the brand of "stick" butter that I buy which was super unhelpful.

Also using "1 stick of butter" is a horrible measurement even for us because it's wildly inconsistent. The sticks I buy are almost double the size of the brand my parents buy...
Fuck cilantro , it tastes like soap
Damn don’t sleep on cilantro...
As an American, this reminds me of when I read the first Harry Potter book and kept having to Google things like "treacle tart" and "kidney pie".
I’ll trade you some good American recipes and authentic Cajun recipes I’m from Louisiana for some good Irish comfort food recipes and whatever else you would like to offer.
Not only Irish, the entire world faces the same issue
Meanwhile I'm looking at British recipes like "how many cups of flower is 3754 grams"
Don’t forget to add the eggplant and zucchini.
Cilantro is a weed that tastes like soap
As an American I hate when ingredients go buy measurements instead of weight. Especially for baking. So I feel ya.
What is a stick of butter?? Really?

Edit: I didn't mean to seem like idk what a stick of butter is. I'm American. I was just really surprised that a stick of butter would be called anything but a stick of butter in Ireland.
Every yank recipe uses 'kosher salt'. 

Turns out kosher salt is just salt in big grains. No idea where the kosher thing came from, isn't that like halal but Jewish?
[deleted]
I feel your pain with ingredients. It's just as confusing when you're an American reading British recipes. I'm doing what with a swede? Why is marrow in my salad? Or is it something else called "marrow"?

Don't get me started on types of flour.

As for conversions, I have a useful link for you: [Convert-Me](https://www.convert-me.com/en/). Check out the special "Cooking" section in the left-hand list!
FYI a US cup is 240ml but in other countries it's 250ml (changing after the metric system was implemented). Even a pint in the US is different it's 16 ounces not 20 ounces.

As a Canadian if I find a recipe from Europe or anywhere else I have to convert weight to volume. Now that I have a scale I prefer weight but now I have to convert cups to grams.
Hahah love this also what is an agrula??
Or just generally European
I'm from South America. I just Google alternatives to ingredients I know will be too expensive or jusy not avaliable in my country.
Bro, what? What do you call bell peppers even? Cilantro is the same in Spanish. And what do you call arugula?
This is a daily struggle! I cannot believe Kerry Gold is my go to
Croatia great bunch of lads.

Got a pal who teaches English in Zagreb. He says they're all going absolutely nuts there.
We love you too! - a Croatian
So much in common with these great people. 

They have a goat on their flag. 
We have goats. 


Quote of the tournament for me that I saw on Facebook:

"I haven’t been this nervous about a semi since I watched Brokeback mountain"

I reckon we change the National Stadium to Croat Park
What's the difference between football and the Thai boys?

The Thai boys are going home
Guys im in hollidays in Ireland and im a Croatian, right now im doing a Trip trough youre beautiful Country ! And i need to Tell you Guys you are one of The best people ive ever meet i watched The  half Finale in a Dublin Pub and The Quarter final in sligo. One of your compatriot invated me for auch Drink because He Heard that i wanted to give The Barkeeper some Tip and He came to me and sayd " you are so awesome i couldnt resist not to invated you to a Drink enjoy youre time Here and stay AS you are " after that i stood Up and Had that Feeling i should hug him for this gesture, and i did so...i told him that he Made My day and that i will never forget this moment now and today, i will remember him for ever. because of that Guy i considered to move lol because i really Love youre beautiful Country im so impressed and IT IS honestly unbelivable how a Land that can be that wonderfull...The people, The Points of interest The sheeps and cows i met and The mentality. 

Thank you all for making my stay unforgetabble ! Slotsche ( i think i wrote IT Not correct, but you now What i mean) My Friends! Kind regards from croatia!
[mmm yummy](https://i.imgur.com/S8qUHz5.png)
[deleted]
Croatians; the Irish of the Balkans.

Great bunch of lads.
[deleted]
We cheered for you when you were in the finals of the Quidditch World Cup :(
Croatia is a wild place to be after the England match, anybody sho comes in Zagreb just hit me up. Glad to taky anybody a trip around town for food, sights, booze, you name it. History lessons if you wish, we got lots.
[deleted]
Got £100 at 13/1 on Croatia to win the World Cup

Mon Croatia 
The English FA announces a referendum on leaving FIFA
2018 World Cup

└📁England

    └📁Trophy

          └📁Location

                 └📁Home

                       └ folder is empty
Scottish person having a wee peak in. All in order.
My dad is Croatian, my mom is Irish. I feel like I won the genetic lottery:) 
Thanks a lot guys! It is so nice to see the whole world show love to a small country by the name of Croatia.

Love from HRVATSKA <3
I was in Croatia for work a few years ago. Definitely worth the visit. Any Croatian I've met over the years (a good few), all been sound out. Savage ice cream there too. 
Should we not send them over a few bags of spuds, boxes of Tayto and bottles of Finches orange or something ?

As a thank you like.
Love ya too Ireland! Met some amazing people here, as well my SO. I am very grateful for that! Thank you Ireland!
Brit bloke here. I come here for the banter, always some good shit on this sub.

Keep it up yer green bastards. 

Also congrats to any Croatians in this thread, routing for you vs the frogs
Genuinely rooting for Croatia, I don't care whether England made it to the final even, I'm just rooting for the little guy to win. The world Cup has the same teams win over and over again, it'd be awesome to see the underdog win and knock all the cockiness out of the bigger teams. Go on Croatia!! 
Slogan for Croatia 2018: ‘Croatia full of life’,
Ireland: ‘Ireland full of Croatians’.

You Irish people are awesome haha 
In Spain in some local news they put in the sports section “England: Brexit stage one accomplished “

I love you Croatia. You saved us from a terrible fate... Having to watch English people on tv talk about 2018 endlessly for the rest of our lives. Thank you and good luck in the final! 
Great bunch of lads indeed. The stamina, the great offensive pressure, it's fun to watch. I hope you all take care of France. Side note,  you mofos are always good in water polo as well. 
Scotland Ireland and Croatia should become one country 
Sooooo ... go Croatia! 

Thanks you Irish folks, I love you :) 
I'm in London right now. Supporting Croatia wasn't awkward at all at all at all at all. 
Gareth Southgate resigns. Boris Johnson announced as new coach. 
Croatian with a massive hangover here, got 4 hours of sleep and my whole body hurts, but seeing all the love we're getting from all of you guys legit fixed me right up

THIS IS AMAZING I LOVE YOU GUYS, I LOVE ALL OF YOU
Respect from Kurdistan. 
[deleted]
Thanks Ireland we love you too woooohooooooooooooo
I’m Brazilian so this is an unbiased question! 

How come Ireland roots against England ?

I’m just curious to know 
This is the new most upvoted post on r/Ireland gwan lads
Coming home status: 

[x] ‘tisn’t 

Thank fuck!
Greetings from Scotland. Thank fuck its over. Normal service can be resumed
God I love Croatia.
Welcome to r/all !
Croatian here, proud to beat england without penalties! Thanks for the support!
U BOJ U BOJ ZA NAROD SVOJ  !!!!!!
Thanks for your support lads. One more to go, it would be great to have you by our side.
Thank you so much for supporting us! Lots of love from Croatia to all Irish and Ireland!!🇮🇪🇭🇷
Damn, this is your top post of all time. You are a bunch of living legends. Love you lads <3
Hvala Irci <3
We said it's coming home, but we just didn't say when.

And as a Brit, well done to Croatia on their victory! Well deserved lads.
as a croatian married to a irish-man this sub has been wonderful for me. ta
I was in croatia once... its essentially a sandy sunny warm athlone.
Great day for the parish
It's on to the final for these fellas.
We do love an underdog...
When I was inter railing a couple of years ago we ended up in Split in Croatia towards the end of our trip. Stayed in a lovely hostel just outside of town. 10 minute drive into the town centre roughly. First night there we all pre - swalled in the gaff and then got the bus into town to hit a pub crawl. On that bus journey, which was literally 10 minutes long, about 12 of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen in my life got on and off. Not altogether or anything. Literally all individual girls just going about there day, all supermodel esque women. So yea, great bunch of Lassies too.
Englishman in Canada here....fair play the better team won today.  Now go an mashup some frogs good for us eh?
"They're going home, they're going home... England is going home."
God I’m up near the living room on O’Connell street, place is like little Croatia it’s absolutely buzzing! 
TO THE FRONT PAGE, LADS

THEY'RE GOING TO THE FRONT PAGE
Congrats, Ireland. Basically a win for you guys. 


I also enjoy seeing England lose at things, especially soccer. 
Thanks guys!
And thank you for being our friends. There is some kind of connection.
Also, please don't be mad at us who are working in Ireland. Currently Croatia is in deep shit with labor force and many people seek chance outside our borders. Salaries are low and working conditions are terrible. Hopefully that will change too and we will go back to Croatia. 
I hope we are not being considered as weight to your society. Also I hope we are being nice and we respect country which gave many of us chance to work. Thank you. 
As an Englishman, congrats! Seriously, football fans here are very obnoxious and I enjoyed their disappointment just as much as the Irish and Croatians here. :)
Greetings from r/scotland! We're happy too!
I love this sub
Good! About time Croatia, a country almost no one ever talks about, gets to shine as an underdog in the world stage against a world power in sports!
England fan here and all I can say is congrats to  Croatia. First world cup final and I wish them all the best. 
We're all going to heaven lads weeeeyyyyyy
As celebration everyone should go to the Balkan restaurant on Moore Street.

Yer man the owner will be fuming. 
A fucking great bunch of lads. Hon the Croatians!!!🇭🇷🇭🇷🇭🇷🇭🇷
Front page of reddit England is funny now
Thanks for all the support guys!! Awesome to see this ammount of positive toughts after that match tonight!!

We waited for this moment since most of us can remmember!

It is our time to shine!

Let us get that final goal together!!!
but harry kane is irish

http://imgur.com/AXJQPly.jpg
Croatia channelled their inner Kimi Raikkonen this weekend and I am proud of them
As a French , I never felt so close to you guys, wathcing England loose was as much good as my Country qualifing for the final !!! IT'S COMING H...oh wait !
Awh Jesus, I've always said it, the Croatians are great bunch of fellas now so
Guys, cheers from Croatia, love you!
*Slán abhaile*
That a croat not a goat
I'm not even Irish and I'm thrilled the croats beat the english, fuck yeah croatia!
England lose and the rain arrives, truly the gods are good. 
I live in Cork. I can't fucking wait to go to work tomorrow!
Scotland and Ireland joint hosts in 2030 LETS DO IT
The better team won.
English here. Some of my simpler countrymen seem to have been absolutely hoisted by the banter here. Hilarious and slightly shocking. 

Please carry on, congrats Croatia.

PS. You can see the nasty removed comments here: https://www.removeddit.com/r/ireland/comments/8y34m6/croatia_great_bunch_of_lads/
One of my teachers was a Croatian dude with a ponytail, good guy.
Živila Hrvatska!
Good job brothers!!
Greetings from Belarus!!
Just came here to upvoted this!

With love from Italy...
Good footballers the Croatians, well they youshed to be anyway. 
I’m English but an Irish fan sent me a pic before the game that said 

“I’d rather guide my Father into my Mother than support England”
Best Balkan Slavic Nation Ever!!!!!
I'm Iranian. We also HATE the English and like Croatians. Also my sis is married to an O'Brian.
Top lads
I hereby vote to induct Croatia as the 27th county!
The brits are fucking out. 
Wish I could buy you a drink
Put twenty on Croatia to win! I'll save it for the day I visit Croatia! 
Greatest lads to ever play the game, our fate would have been horrible if they didn't play class tonight
Haha, I feel like I will be seeing a lot of this on reddit today. 
Sort by controversial 
I’m here just to upvote this!
This is fucking hilarious xD 
That Luka Madra fella would make a handy corner forward.
Revenge for Skibereen!
I fell in love with this team back in 1998 World Cup...I've been with them ever since!

I know they and believe that they will beat those stupid nasty french!

Nobody likes the French! 
Well I’ve lived in England for a long time, so I was fully behind the team. I think they did great and have done their country proud. The atmosphere here has been amazing. I know it’s all just a bit of fun, but it does leave a bit of a bad taste in my mouth to see my home country take quite so much pleasure in the England team’s disappointment... and this is coming from someone who loves beating England as much as anyone (especially in the rugby). 
You're Going Home... You're Going Home.... You're Going.... England's Going Home!!!
What's the Croatian for "its coming home?"
I’ve always said it, every chance I get I remind people just how sound them Croatians are. 
Wanna hear a joke?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
It's coming home lmao.
Ingerland were busy spewing shite about "football coming home" while also thrashing their local Ikea 

Croatia were at this time instead clearly working hard on the training pitch.

Coulda been 3/4-1 easily enough. 

I noticed also that when Southgate was being a gentleman hugging all off the players in turn he had to stoop down to ground level for Maguire who was so busy diving towards the end of extra time he hadn't noticed the match was over.....

Mega-tool.
Why all the hate on england? 
I heard their southern neighbors aren't that bad either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KeLBna5UY0&feature=youtu.be
:(
Right proper lads
Brexit
Hrvatska!!!!!!!
Hope they win the world cup as well
They are going to party! In South America when the team wins big they sometimes call a national holiday, and no one goes to work.
Come on now Croatia beat those cheating French bastards!!!
As a half English half Irish I'm both happy and sad depending on my present company 
I feel so loved, thank you :')
Hvala. We love you too!
They sure are.
A little late to the party, but I will say this tho... 

This newly founded brotherhood is fucking dope!

Cheers/Živjeli
As a naive American, why are so many Irish cheering this hard for Croatia? Is it just anti English feelings?
Go Croatia!

Love, America
That's it. Life savings on Croatia to win!
They're going home! They're going home! They're going, England's going home!
I love Croatia and everything about it
I'm not trying to jinx it, but it also would be very funny if Brussels, err, the EU, I mean, Belgium could make third place.
Fuck all's coming home
Am fucking delighted for them. 
English person here with a question... is it because of that French handball? or because you don't like England? or do you just happen to like Croatia?

PS obviously I'm disappointed by the result but at the same time thrilled to have made it this far and relieved we didn't go out to a horrible side like Columbia, I'm fully behind Croatia too now :)
“Seriously; fuck the English” - every Irishman ever
Well done Croatia <3
[deleted]
Applying for mortgage in a time of gouging rents...

With my current rent I am essentialy paying for a mortgage of a house worth just over 600k. It's utterly insane
My current rent is €1100 in Limerick. I saved up 11000 for a 110000 house. Not getting it coz my employer receiving wage subsidy.
Yup the mortgage situation in this country is a fucking joke. My parents, having enough for a deposit and with 40k extra savings, plus having paid a rent of nearly a thousand euro for over 8 years at the same house, were given a mortgage of 120k... For that, you might be able to buy a fucking shed in Knocknaheeney
Ways to get a mortgage:

1. Be rich - have rich parents who’ll give you hopefully > 10% of the value of the property
2. Be married - don’t make enough money? Just double your money by committing the rest of your life to someone you’ve known for on average 4 years.
3. Buy in a place very far from where you work! With the M1 and everything Cavan really is only 40 minutes from Dublin City centre. That’s a lie it takes 1 hour and 20 and you’ll do that twice a day for 35 years so that’s only 24’266 hours or 1’011 days straight commuting... pfft piece of piss basically 
4. Buy something you couldn’t possibly live in! Who doesn’t like a fixer-upper? You’ll spend the next 15-20 years putting all your spare money and time into a home you can’t even raise a family in! Don’t worry though upon resale you’ll make exactly 0 profit! #score! 
5. Buy in a real shit hole. Gangland violence is kind of exotic if you close your eyes and just listen to the loud banging and sirens you could be anywhere; Mexico or Colombia! Now doesn’t that sound lovely??? The great news is your house will be broken in to multiple times and there’ll be no incentive for you to ever waste your money on an expensive car because you better believe that will be taken for a joyride and burnt out. Another great benefit here is that there’s no way you’d want to raise a family is such a horrible area - more savings!! 

Don’t know what all the moaning is about if you want a house you can get one!
When I first moved away, if I got homesick, I'd always look at Daft etc and see the utterly fucked state of renting.

Some of these comments on how much people are paying are crazy.
There is absolutely no solution to the housing crisis that isn't building loads more houses, which takes time. All these other efforts simply drive up prices or benefit smaller interest groups.

I think we need two things:

a) A realistic national development plan to increase housing density in the right places, backed up with the right infrastructure, to be built in a sustainable, livable way. This will take time and a lot of money, but this is the root cause and we need the investment. I personally don't care who builds them (private v public) once they are built and at a reasonable standard. The government should however be responsible for ensuring the infrastructure is in place (transport and education principally).

b) To deal with the rent market, there needs to be a database of all rental properties (including current and historic rent prices, at least by year), tied to Eircode, open to the public. It should be an offense to advertise or rent a property without including the database ID. This database should also include information regarding who rented the property and for how long/much, but this should not be available to the public. This would prevent much of the BS around massive rent hikes, folks getting kicked out and then listing at a higher price immediately, overcrowding and so on.
100% mortgage crowd are the worst
I'll give you 2 bits of advice my buddy gave me when I was going for a mortgage.

1. Go to your Ma & Da and ask for (I mean get) €50k. If your the baby of the house and/or the only boy make sure to ask your Ma first.

2. Go to your inlaws (if you don't have any, get some) and ask for €75k and tell them that your parents gave you €75k. If they love their kid at all they'll match  what the other parents gave or hopefully 1 up them.

Now ya got the €125k, add that to the 3k you saved over the last 4 years and your golden lad.

Bonus points if you can get the parents to pay off your outstanding loans as well to make the application go smoother.
My friends actually told me a while back 'Hey, it's easier to just buy instead of rent'.

Yes, but you are also 2 people and had to wait months for your mortgage to get approved etc.
I just managed to buy a house just outside Cork. Was given notice in my old rented house so had no choice but to move. Was looking at renting again but it was 1400-1600 a month, it is just ridiculous. My mortgage is 750 a month now in the same town.
Tbf the ability to save a lump sum is important when buying a house as in addition to paying the mortgage you also need to be able to maintain the property, pay for insurance, etc, which takes even more cash.

Also, let's not forget that it's a government agency (the central bank) which created the mortgage lending rules and requirements.
Do you think if it was easier for the banks to reposses homes they would be more risk tolerant? 

Like we don't want to go back to the days of a 120% mortgage being given for a wink and a handshake but the requirements these days are insane, I had to change my lifestyle to get a mortgage, like stop doing contract work and getting a permanent joband that's with a lot of money from relatives.
I think the problem is not just the mortgage (and yes, banks more or less take the rent into account, but only to an extent), the problem is that when you buy the house you have extra expenses that you don't have while renting.

But that's only a wild guess.
As a 29 year old renter in Dublin, I’m sick of this shit...I feel we have been let down in this regard by previous generations. I’m most afraid of the fact that the main issue that this problem stems from is human nature - as a species, we don’t seem to be capable of long-term planning when short-term gain is possible.
banks are the biggest scam of all .
being poor is expensive
Too much money is to be made in the current situation for it to change.
I've come to terms with the fact that I will never own a house. Renting (and working) until I die is just something I've come to accept because no miracle will fix the utterly fucked up situation we live in.
[deleted]
Can you get a mortgage if you’re paid by a company abroad ? Like if I move back to Ireland tomorrow from North America and take my job with me, what’s the story there ?
What if house prices fall?
What if you lose your job?
What if there are unexpected expensive repairs necessary for the house?

There are good reasons why the bank asks for you to have some cash saved up when you buy a house.
Same situation here in Norway. It sucks.
Some people seem to have a sense of entitlement that the banks are assholes if they don't give a mortgage for whatever the applicant wants. Well after seeing what happened in 2008 - 2011, I'd personally like to see the banks being cautious, particularly when you have the dark clouds of Covid and Brexit on the horizon.

The reason for the deposit is that house prices can fluctuate. Negative equity is a terrible thing, to be avoided at all costs. A 10% deposit is a reasonable safeguard against it, and perfectly common sense.
The thing is, even though we save up loads while paying that rent, my husband is temporarily on covid payments, so we can't get a mortgage.
*cries in brokeness*
I've manage to do it. Just before COVID. Count myself lucky. But I'm not in Dublin. I basically don't understand how anyone can live in Dublin.
Imagine a monthly mortgage payment of only €500... or a nice place to rent for only €1,000...
Well this is what happens when you allow house prices to boom at a crazy rate for literal decades. The people who bought beforehand suddenly have extremely valuable assets just by being lucky to be born in the right generation and everyone after them has to put in 7-8x the money just to get the same thing. 

I have friend working as senior manager at a big 4 accounting firm in Dublin who is living like a student with a load of roommates just to scrape up enough deposit to buy a small house in commuting range of Dublin. Meanwhile his parents bought their (far bigger) house off the single income of his from his Dad working on a factory floor.  

How is it at all fair that someone who by all accounts should be 'well off' has to put up with this shit? 

You have an entire class of people who contribute exacty nil to the economy and are in a position to leech off the productivity of the younger working generation because they have no choice.
I feel powerless and it hurts. Some days just Fuck this place.
I've got 25,000 saved and ready to go but still can't get a place because Dublin is fucking expensive and there's no exceptions in the banks atm
As someone who had the bank laugh at them and said they could only afford a shed at my income level (despite paying more in rent than the monthly mortgage payment would have been on a house I saw) this has brought up some old wounds I thought I had forgotten.

Thanks, I hate it
I would advise everyone who wants to buy a house to go to a mortgage broker, they will cut through all the crap with you.

They will tell you straight, save this amount a month, for x years come back to me then.

In 2014 I moved to a small apt in a bad place and saved an extra 500 a month that went straight into a savings acc, I stopped my pension payments for 2 years. I stopped taking holidays, I stopped going for friday pints. I axed every non-essential cost including the car (bike instead) It's not easy I was not happy, but I did it.

Waiting for the state to solve this will take longer than a few years of destitution.

I know it would be nice if things were as easy as they were in 2006, I was a week away from getting a 500k docklands apt with no cash in the bank 2k on a credit card and less than a month away from a redundancy package.

During those times of destitution I craved how easy it seemed back in the celtic tiger, but if we throw easy credit now it will just make it harder to achieve your goal later.

But if everyone really wants to drop the lending rules I'll be happy too, because it will drive up the price of the house I am in.
I came here from /r/all but it's the same here in Canada. I feel like our real estate market never really crashed after 2008, it just kept climbing as wealthy investors snatched up houses they hardly ever visit.
I went to the bank and with my single person salary of 33k and even with a 20k deposit they could only give me 115k plus my 20k makes 135k. I have been paying 700€ rent per month and that mortgage would be 400€. They wouldn't be willing to give me more money eventhough I can clearly pay more money and still have enough to save 1000€ a month....  


For that price you don't even find one bedrooms in Ballymun.  


The prices are overinflated and until they start building like crazy nothing will change and people will fuck off Ireland or just pay a cunt to rent a box sized bedroom
This is one of the biggest political issues of our age but it will never be championed by politicians because people are  selfish. Homeowners will never support a policy that will devalue their £500,000 homes that they payed 100,000 for, and neither will the kids that get that home for free. And that's before we even consider landlords.

I grew up poor, lived in council houses to a single mother. It'll be years and years before im able to afford a mortgage because saving is very slow. I pay my rent and a portion of my mum's. I've never missed a rent payment. I'm in my 30s, I'll be lucky to have bought a home before 40. Rents and deposits required rise almost as quickly as I can save it.
Renting just means you're paying for that guy's mortgage till the property is worth enough to resell
Yep it’s ducking crap there use to be a big cap between rent and mortgage and it was that gap you used to save for a house now. If you are renting you are literally paying off some else’s mortgage when did rent climb as high if not higher than a mortgage repayments. And how did we let it get to this
I understand the frustration but the deposit is not purely to give reassurance that you can pay it back. I think It's also security so that the bank will recoup the loan in the event that you have to sell your house because you fail to repay and can't work out alternative arrangements.

If the house is sold, the bank gets repaid first, then you get whatever's left over. By putting down a deposit the bank has a smaller loan to claw back and so it's less likely to suffer if the house is sold for a low value.
The banks here will consider rent when calculating how much you can afford to repay but you still need savings
It's the banks fault not landlords they are more concerned about what you have rather than what you can prove that you can consistently pay for.. I had to take out a loan under my dad's name to get the down-payment which we can afford to pay along with the mortgage easily as it is still 200 less than our old rent
I'm just curious, is this something that happens in other countries or just Ireland? I have anxiety thinking about how I'll never have my own home until my 30's or 40's, and I refuse to pay high rent to pay someone else's mortgage.
That's now how it works it allllll.

The 25k counts as a hedge against falling house prices.
I dont know how I will ever be able to afford a property of my own for my family. I work full-time (And study part-time). My other half has health issues and is unable to work for prolonged periods but staying at home saves us a small fortune on childcare. We have a child with another on the way. Renting a property that is not worth how much I have paid in rent over the last 5 years... But its either that or be homeless.. No inheritance for either of us as she was an orphan and my parents never owned a property. 

We are considering leaving Ireland, as it seems to be our only option and starting with a clean slate somewhere else.
Yeah cos 100% mortgages really worked out well.

Clowns. There are plenty of shitty subreddits to moan about things costing money in, don't ruin this subreddit too. This is the second bullshit tweet in a week saying the same thing.
It sucks, but they are looking at two somewhat different things.

Mortgage lenders want to know you can pay this back for 25-30 years which is why self employed people have difficulty. Lenders are also looking to make sure the person has some equity in the house and invested in keeping it - from a financial position if they give a 100% loan and the house value declines (which is largely outside both lender and borrowers control - someone in negative equity without any equity in the property has the chance to just walk away leaving the loss to the bank.

That is at least one way that banks fail.
My mortgage is roughly 800/month. Similar house in the same estate are rented starting from 1200/month. This is indeed crazy. 

(I'm consider myself very lucky I was able to buy, it took us a few rough years of hard savings to save to 5% of the house value).
Just get some richer parents
Rent of 1650. Crèche fees of 1300. So demonstrated ability to consistently repay. Still a ball ache to get a mortgage for standard 3 bed house.
Can someone clarify a few things? the tax a landlord would be paying on the rent. Using an example based of my manager here in Scotland. He moved in with missus rented his flat, said 40% of rent was straight tax, he then had insurance and maintenance mostly covered by 10%  (some years more some less) so for simplicity 500 quid mortgage would be 1000 rent required to break even. When they broke up he couldn't just evict the renter (not sure that's the case at home) and had to rent a one bed himself. There was no profit made just a hopeful future profit. Renter in his case was paying around double his mortgage. Don't think anyones winning in this situation for about 30 years.

We do have an incentive here called mid market rent, where developers get a break on building apartments of decent spec that they can't sell but rent for cheaper. So say build 2 blocks sell a 2 bed for 200k in one block but second block is a 2 bed of same spec they rent for like 600 quid much like fancy social housing thats not social housing if that makes sense. does that exist at home yet?
I think this says more about the cost of rent than it does about applying for a mortgage...
Usually the amount a mortgage applicant has saved has no bearing on the amount a bank is prepared to loan them (at least that what EBS and KBC told me when applying for a mortgage). 

An approval is principal is mostly subject to the applicant(s) gross wage, existing loans/debits and ability to make monthly payments (either into a savings account, or as rent on an existing property).
How about your salary is taken into account but the fact that your second household salary basically pays the creche so you can work isn't taken into account should that salary be gone. That's really not justified. And I'm talking about the 3x your salary thing.
As a Dutch dude: is the same over here too. *Sadface*
Don't feel bad for him](https://media1.tenor.com/images/2fac1008857b636edbbb4155168423aa/tenor.gif?itemid=15329042)
My rent is 1200 dollars a month, my landlords mortgage is 400 a month. 

This dude makes 800 dollars a month off me.
What I think is really messed up is even some "affordable" homes really arent.  Like you manage to pay rent for 750 a month and you look at a 45,000 home which will have really low payments (somewhere in the $250 rang) and it is refurbished by HUD and tgey will be like "we need proof of income of $2000 a month minimum."  

I can afford the mortgage.  I can afford my car.  I can afford the utilities.  But no I don't make $2000 a month so I guess I'll go pay my $600 to share a house with 2 roommates.
The banks are rushed off their feet at the moment. Everyone has applied for a mortgage.
Also absurd is the situation I have been in trying to refinance my mortgage.  "Your debt to income is just barely too high" "Well haven't I been paying you the current mortgage for 10 years with no problem? The new payment will be lower." I don't get it.
We have to stop expecting basic rights in the world. You’re worthless if you don’t participate in this despicable system
You have to put down a lump sum deposit to rent, it makes sense that a bank loaning you a few hundred thousand would want a bit bigger of a deposit.
It's makes sense that if you can pay a higher rent than the mortgage payment you should be viable, but rent in most cases are for a year's commitment.  A home is a 15-30 year commitment.  The bank's issue is that it's a longer time period of commitment so they expect history, collateral, and backing.

The current requirements for home ownership is ridiculous, but the previous loan requirements were more stupid.  There needs to be a fair medium for loan requirements, fair cost homes, and better first time home deductions and benefits.
You might want to try to find a cheaper place to live.  You'd be surprised how much money you save when you leverage against a day-to-day expense you can more easily control: transportation costs.  You can save money by carpooling, or living in an area where daily tasks like work or shopping don't require long or daily commutes.

People also acquire debt incorrectly, using debt to cover purchases when no cash is available, when all purchases should be made to debt, and only to your available liquid assets.  Pay your debts every month with your cash and next thing you know, that 10% you need to buy a house is more like 3%, because you show banks you can pay your debts and not let them linger, who then trust you to pay your debts when you have less upfront money.
Can you leverage debt as dangerously in Ireland as you can in America? Most shit American landlords will have property and a load of debt. They refinance every few years to get *another* loan to buy *another* property. Then when anything goes wrong, they can’t do anything about it because their income (our rent) is going directly into their debt. So they’re property rich but have no cash. 

Also doesn’t help that we’re on the opposite spectrum when it comes to mortgages. If you own so much as a shoe you can get a dang loan, it seems.
I thought her profile picture was Qui Gon Jinn for a second.
A down payment is a motivator to keep paying after the first two month. It jogs that whole sunk cost fallacy thing. People tend to not want to "lose" their effort, and 20% finished on the house is a lot of effort. It works or they wouldn't do it. They would much rather get the extra interest on that 20% of the loan.
When you buy a house you're responsible for its maitanance, not just the mortgage. It depends on the age of the house and several other factors but home upkeep plus the mortgage can easily exceed what you pay for rent on an apartment. $500/mo wiggle room is pretty good, but replacing a furnace for example is about a $4000 expense, so you hope you don't get slapped with an upfront expense. 

Keep in mind, rental homed are often only profitable because the property was bought at a far lower cost, maybe due to being a foreclosure or being bought several years prior. Buying a house in the same neighborhood, you will have a higher mortgage (most likely) than the person who rents the house down the street, so you may end up breaking about even in terms of monthly expenses. It just depends on what the market has been like in the last several years.
In my area, rent is far cheaper than a mortgage. The only incentive to buy is to be able to improve the place I live in and build equity. I’m in a moderately expensive apartment, and rent is about 20% cheaper than the mortgage on any home I can afford.
I used to think about it this way too, but the deposit is actually to lower the banks risk overall on the investment. If the market goes down at least there is a little margin for them. Also owning a house is expensive! Expect to pay 2-5% of the homes value per year to keep it going.
Fuckin hell, I wish mortgages were 500 a month here :(
Lol. £25000.
Ireland still has a higher home owner rate than the United States.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_home_ownership_rate
Yes in city. My max is 120000 for now. Looking for a 3 bed house.
Yes and you have to get a loan to be able to get a loan.
This right here! I can guarantee $X a month, *GUARANTEE* IT!!! I been paying it for the last 10yrs. But I don’t have $200k to put down on a house so too bad, so sad.
Perhaps, the problem isn't so much *"with"* the housing market [https://youtu.be/qihG6AGjkRk](https://youtu.be/qihG6AGjkRk)
Yes well, that would be the celtic boom era's fault!
what screwed up is how much house prices jumped in 10 years...i bought a place for $300k 10 years ago. Its now worth about $850k for a 900 sq ft condo in Toronto. Im glad i got lucky and was able to buy when i did but for people a few years younger than me its very unfair.

How can a condos price go up half a million dollars when salaries on average have barely jumped at all? Part of that answer is foreign buyers pumping their money into our housing market. 

Seriously unfair when some people have 4 -5 properties and others can't buy a starter home though they did everything society asked them too. Got an education, got a job, started a family but have to rent a 600 sq foot condo because a house that was 400k 10 years ago is now over a million.
We need to abolish Real Estate Investment Trusts.
Your rhyme just made my day at work 😂
Ahhh yes, I feel this pain!
That's gonna be a while before that's solved.
SPEAK.
American here and this is true for us too. lol
Apparently it’s existed for some time now.
Fractional reserve banking.

If you are paying those absurd rents the market is telling you to move.
Golden handcuffs. I hate, I despise, but I acknowledge the golden handcuffs.
If my rent is 1500 what fucking house might that be a mortgage for I wonder 
Ugh
Banks should be owned by the state
The 25,000 down payment on a house isn't there to reassure the bank that you have the ability to pay 500 a month. It is there so that you have an investment that would make you think twice about walking away from the house if you are unable to pay the mortgage. You wouldn't just be damaging your credit score, you would also be losing the 25k. It encourages people to stick it out
Too real from u.s.

I been paying 1200 rent for years now and have no problem paying 20% down , but they can't trust me to pay less than 1200 because my income this year was less because i got laid off because of corona virus. 

I could pay my mortage for two years on 20% down. Luckily, they haven't gogued my rents yet ........
I have rented the house I am in for nearly 11 years. The landlord paid 50k for it a couple of decades ago, so I have essentially paid the cost of the house plus 20% in the time  I have lived here. 

Can I get a mortgage? Nope. Even though they could see that I have paid 60k over a decade without an issue when working part time as a single parent for a lot of it, and am earning almost triple what I was making back then... 

All I can do now is save, save, save and hope I save enough to buy a house sometime before I die. Probably the week before, to be fair.
That was the point of buying 09-12, so you could have someone pay your mortgage in 5-10 year while also making 500-1000usd above taxes, insurance and maintenance a month.
Down-payment is to reduce the % of borrowed money in the property in case you get bust and they gotta sell it - possibly at a discount - to get their money back.

The reason mortgages are so cheap is precisely because the financing institution assures to have minimal risk exposure at any given moment.
Japan:

“Hey if you want to move into this apartment you need to pay 3 months of rent up front. And the first month of rent on time as well.”

“Why?”

“Because.”

“Ok um...will it be refunded to me at some point?”

“No.”
Obviously if you're not saving enough you're spending money too much on luxuries like food, electricity and the likes...it's not like you need those things anyway, right?
Tbis is exactly my situation. Going to save and save and save as hard as i can fir the next year ir two and hopefully ill have enough for a deposit
*sigh*

This cuts deep
My rent was literally twice what my mortgage is. Renting was my greatest barrier to escaping lifelong poverty.
Just because you pay your rent on time doesn't mean your paying other bills on time.
I get it but ultimately the bank wants you to take the risk of the prices dropping. They want you to have a deposit.
Ive basically just given up on owning a house.
FUCKING THANKYOU! I’ve been trying to get a mortgage for months an am absolutely baffled by how much I could save a month on rent, etc. but how few people there are willing to help us!
This is literally why I live in a van, I payed rent for 10 years whilst working away staying in hotels Monday to Friday, rent was such a waste of money for me
The current mortgages system in this country doesn't really favour or work for anybody - but we have to avoid the madness of the past, so here we are
Rented for like 8 years and never missed a payment.  Credit history was ruined by a barclaycard rep at uni for a £300 limit and a popcorn maker I never got.  Mum had always said she had 10k saved for me when she passes away.  I built up the courage to asked her for it for a deposit. No problems.  The rates high, but at least its gradually going down and the area is nice.  Also whatever DIY I do here adds to our pockets.

Been putting away £50 a month for the child on off so she doesn't face what I went through.
We went sale agreed today. Never thought I’d get here. Woohoo.
Have this issue myself. Nothing is made to help you, don't know how anyone in this generation can afford a house without money from parents.

I can't get a mortgage above £100,000 and that's with myself and my wife. Solely because my "contract" is 20 hours even though I do 35+ overtime every week. Nope, fuck you.
Two major issues with housing here are...

1) There are few places people want to actually live, we have  5 or 6 cities. Two of which have a half decent infrastructure with decentish transport. The majority of people will move to Dublin at some point in their lives, for college or work, and we can't sustain them. Realistically it doesn't matter if we build up or out,, we need to diversify our economy and start making other cities more appealing to young professionals, counties like Limerick and Galway have a higher level of affordable housing but are probably lacking in infrastructure. They also need to be joined up far better with transport.


2) New build homes are ludicrously over priced.. I know there is some incentive to buy a new build in terms of cash back, but the starting prices are ridiculously high in areas, and then in other areas we don't build them. I've seen new builds going up for near a million in Dublin. I really want to know what bank is giving that mortgage ans who the fuck can pay it back. Mortgages on offer are fairly low compared to what people need, personally I would argue this is a good thing because it protects people from over spending. 

The government (any of them) and their lack of understanding around housing is plain to see with the homeless situation. Rather than spend a bit more in the short term and build new accomodation, they would rather spread that payment and rent hotel rooms for homeless people... If they are stuck renting what hope do we have they will fix it.

It was a shame that Sinn Féin didn't get into power because I think Eoin O Broin was always very sensible speaking about housing and would have had a decent attempt at bringing through new legislation.

Unfortunately with the Pandemic, I can't see it changing the situation. The issue isn't actually money, it's supply and demand, we simply don't have enough houses and prices won't drop when the demand is so high. All we can hope for is that banks shoot themselves in the foot and can't offer our mortgages because applicants don't meet the criteria. It's bonkers that a bank can look at a couple who pay 1000 a month in rent and refuse them a mortgage that would be far less than the rent they pay.
I’m trying to refinance my house. Perfect credit. Paying mortgage for 3 years, no missed payments. Made $450k last year. I lost my job, but wife still works. She makes $35k/year. We have $150k in the bank.
We don’t qualify for a new loan. Even though it’s basically the same loan at a lower rate. So....ya, that doesn’t make sense.
Not Irish, but same problems in the states.
Same here in the my state except rent is 1300 and a mortgage is probably 900 but local property taxes are 400 a month so its painful to keep any money.
Banks actually do look at your rent and other expenditures, credit history, assets, investments (you know...all that money stuff banks are good at). They also look at your income and unless you make 80k (that can be split between you and your partner or spouse in any fraction you want) and that gives them a pretty clear picture.

Not saying rent isn't too high in this country. Just wanted to be fair to banks. They're the best!
As long as landlords exist tenants and citizens shall not be spared from their evils.
The problem being housing is a business that earns the country a lot of money. 

Its scummy and i hate this about Ireland but its very hard to undo when every union is looking for pay rises and half the county depends on rent as a type of substitute pension. 

My solution:

Ban Renting or ban buying, having both means they can play off each other. 

Homes as a business means that supply will never meet demand because that's bad business. 

I support constructing homes for money but after its made its really milked, a home sold over and over and rented time and time again... the same middle men make a fortune every time it passes from one person to the other. The banks love when people sell cause they get to remortgage it for the next sap. 

Its a toxic and disgusting system that most are oblivious to.

IMO:

Entirely state funded construction building more than required and getting everyone to pay into the system, more tax every year depending on the required home, you could have tax brackets with different income levels, no rent, no ownership, no middle men sucking the money out of peoples pockets.

The problem is you will never get elected telling the country you want to take their nest egg away.

Sorry.

The system is broken but it still kinda works so nobody wants to change it.
So I just remortgaged. 

Now, I lowered my monthly payment by $350. 

I have six figures in my savings account. 

I have a full time job. 

When remortgaging they still kept asking for dumb shit for 3 months. 

'oh. Can you send your W-2 from 2016 please?' 

Why the fuck do you want to see how much I earned 4 fucking years ago? What bearing does that have in my ability to pay my mortgage currently? 

Then they slap points on me because the mortgage took 120 days to close. Becuase they kept dragging it on with pointless requests. 

Fucking pricks.
So fucking true. I'm in this situation right now. Makes me want to pull my hair out in frustration. 😢
Okay but that isn't why the bank wants a deposit. Round numbers incoming:

If you want to buy a £100,000 house and I lend you £100,000, if you defer and get repossessed after paying back £5,000 I now have to sell for at least £95,000, and then I'd still be making a loss due to costs.

The deposit is to reassure the lender that if you can't/don't repay they don't make a loss.

Edit: don't get me wrong, the system stinks. Adding middlemen and resellers/landlords only makes it harder for the productive people of any economy.
Homeless ppl are just saving up for that first mortgage
Not a great analogy, if you don't pay the bank they have to get back a hell of a lot more than the landlord who's only out 1000$ then evicts you. That's why down payments exist.
I pay $2200 aud in Melbourne lol
We are renting and paying 1650 for an apartment which is worth 255000. The house price to rent ratio is insane
€1100 would actually be a massive win if i could find rent that low! Sign of the times!
AIB took rent payment history as proof of ability to pay and acknowledged that it was higher than the mortgage would be. They even said  with home insurance and other monthly fees  it's still less than the rent I payed. I was amazed at how logical and fair it seemed.
stupids banks ..how can you ever buy a house ..idiots
Ireland has nothing, there’s little entertainment other than drinking.  The weathers bleak and the scenery gets boring after a while.  You say thousands but it’s likely hundreds however the United States receives well over 1 million immigrants every year.  I have everything here, more entertainment than I could possibly absorb.  I have 8 movie theaters within a 30 minute drive, And 100 other options such as pool halls, bowling alleys, laser tag and the list goes on and on.  NBA, NFL, NHL, NBL, and the top forming artists of the world all at my fingertips.  For what I making for hours worked $ I can fly to Vegas and back for a weekend of fun.  Sorry dude you got nothing.
I moved to Australia for a year in 2009. Had taken out a credit card.  Did pay it back in the beginning but as money got tight I stopped paying it back (I know, young and foolish). I can't remember the limit, maybe €600 or something like that. I moved back home to a different address after a year in Oz. I'd genuinely forgotten all about it until reading this thread. I'm hoping to buy a house with my wife in the next few years. My question is, will there be some sort of record of this if I try to get a mortgage out? Been saving for a deposit the last few years. 10 years renting,  I'd love for us to have our own place, but worried that my actions from 10 years ago is gonna come back to bite me.
Stuck in this loop as we speak ! 

Because, the banks lend big sums of money to the estate agents giving them the monopoly on rents the banks don’t want to give you the mortgage !! 

They will lower house prices in the next 6 months because the market is about to pop! 

People that want to own there own home that work 2 jobs will never be able too 

And the landlords own 5,10,15 places 
Rent caps have to happen 

People cannot survive having to pay 2k a month on rent !
Even if you suddenly couldn't afford it for some extended period of time, it's not like a candy bar. They can resell your house, they aren't at a loss, just a temporary gap in payments. Most mortgages are 15 and 30 year anyway, what's 6 months?
That reminds me conversation I had in bank with manager. He I can't afford mortgage I told hi yes I can I pay double amount on rent. Then he said but you don't have security on house I said I'm Polish not a snail can put house on my back and fuck off to Poland.
This!
£1000 a month seems good, the rent my family pays is £2,100 a month (the cheapest we could get) which is my mums entire monthly wage, we physically could not live without income support because my mum is a single parent. The house we lived in before was £1,800 and it wasn’t even safe to live in (holes in walls to outside, no heating, asbestos, polystyrene ceiling tiles and the ceiling in my brothers room collapsed).
The newly crowned largest English speaking country in the EU!

What's all the sandy coloured areas around Drogheda, Kildare, Wexford and Cork from?
“Crowned”... please no.
It's also the largest Irish speaking country in the EU
Congratulations from germany.

Btw. Berlin is now the city with the most inhabitants in the EU.
Is it just me or does ireland look like a koala thats looking behind it
A dubious honour.
What’s the craic bruv innit
*cries in Scottish*
Fun fact: there isn’t any English speaking country in EU that has English as its first language. Our first language is Irish but we all probably know that
Love the way in the picture you can see the grey of urban areas, the yellow of crop fields amd green of pastures
Is é béarla an teanga as an diabhail
This picture always saddens me, such a lack of forest coverage. For a country that used to have over 70% of its land area covered by mixed deciduous - coniferous forests, it's tragic to see what's left today.
Why are we proud of this?
Is Ireland really that fucking green everywhere?
Not sure but you Irish, are certainly the best company abroad so Cheers!
Ironic.
That ain’t something to be proud of. Poor Gaeilge
It's my island
Shame were speaking the wrong language as our first
Ireland has to have one o the best shapes goin
I’d love to visit Ireland. One day before retirement.
Vive la Quebec libre!

No wait...
Tutorial island FTW!
Glad we still have you Ireland. <3
It was already the best English speaking country in the EU, so why not make it the largest.
United Ireland when?

Yours, 

Someone who'd rather be in the EU than get fingered then ignored by the mainland.
Might Northern Ireland vote to leave the UK and join the rest of the island and the EU?
Guys? We love you? Don't leave us too?

Scotland can come too!

Sincerely, a german!
Ireland is absolutely gorgeous form outer space
Learn French, lads. Fast.
Not exactly anything to be proud of
A great bunch of lads.
Way to go! - From Mars
And the accent *american guy heart eyes*
All the atms in Europe have started putting irish flags next the english options now
Well, time we learn to speak Irish again boys
I really wish Ireland spoke more Irish. It's a beautiful language. As long as they don't lose their (from my perspective) Irish accent, I'll be a little bit happier than I can be.
"Enjoy it while you can."

\- Scotland
I’m so goddamn proud of you guys.
Not technically true because there's plenty of other countries in the EU that have more English speakers like Germany, France, and the Netherlands. Approximately 90% of the Dutch population can speak English. 

I suppose Ireland has the most *native* English speakers of any EU nation but that barely matters.
Yet we are still forced to learn Irish. Sigh.
Not somthing to be proud of
Not really. There are more English speakers in other EU countries for sure.

And celebrating something the British did to this country is rather dubious as well.
Not sure it’s something we should be overly proud of but it seems like a bit of an own goal on the UKs behalf
Nothing to be proud of.
Kinda sad really when you think about it....
Gotta love that border down the Irish Sea though. NI just needs to have a think about joining the EU again (officially) and we’ll be on the right path. If Turkish Cyprus can be in the EU then why can’t NI?
I can feel the unionist tears
Without the English, it would probably have a higher population than it did before the famine too.
It is also the largest Irish speaking country. 

I hate how speaking English is the honour. We lost our language at the hands of the British long ago, and although parts are struggling to reclaim our native tongue, most Gen X people have no Irish at all.  Feels like we lost our culture.
Not really something to brag about considering our language was ripped away from us and part of our country is still occupied by a foreign country
I don’t see how that’s a positive?
So proud of this we're so great
in the comic to get the cock
Where’s the Shannon in this pic tho
Christ that's a big plot of cattle fields
Yuppp the lads
Will last a couple of years until Scotland takes the title.
Congretz to you all!
Is trua sin.
You guys must be so proud
Doesn’t the Netherlands have a 90% English speaking population
Apart from the top bit..
I live in the West and my town still gets less rain than both NYC and Sydney. And only 300mm more per year than Dublin.
Irish English might as well be Latin.  Sure some sounds overlap but...
Can you really consider it English though
Take back the north part already. Been letting em get away with it for too long if ya ask me
And the home of the best spirits!
We finally did it!!!
Looks like a Buffalo
Northern Ireland isn't in the EU though.
lol stupid brits!
If accurate that’s a really cool map
Reluctantly
So I'm just an ignorant American and Brexit confused the living fuck out of me for a bit there but is there going to be a border in the north now? Or does one half support the union and the other doesnt?
 Honestly just trying to see what happens now?
The koala aka Ireland
Anybody live on those islands off the west coast of the island? I've always wondered what that must be like.
Scrap me
Does Brexit mean a United Ireland? Sorry if this is a stupid question
Largest unwilling English  speaking nation
There's a little corner of that not in the EU
american here hiding from treacherous political news here and abroad. does anyone have a link or can explain what happened with the peace treaty issues regarding brexit and how those were resolved? ultimately what the bullet points are for what this means for ireland.
I'd say there's a lot of countries still in the EU that speak English better than us haha
No crown on this head son......... 😑
It's also the only one
An bhfuil sé sin ceart?
This makes me sad
I love Ireland so much!
Still looks like a Koala hugging an invisible tree to me
The largest one on the Internet.
Long live the king!!
This isn't something we should be happy about
How is this the first place I hear of this
Which one?
The main English speakers do be speaking Hiberno English now.
Hi, I’m American and I’ve no idea what’s going on. Anyone care to help out a dummy?
The new fortnite map looks wild bruh
Scotland?
Well this is bittersweet..
Yes
COYBIG
Hey what’s that big fucking lake up there called?
Important we also mention *overseas tax shelter* too.
I think they should change it back to Gaelic.  Seriously. As a big FU to England.
The largest English-speaking country in the EU but their day will never come
Bless
Do need a passport to go to Ireland and Northern Ireland now?
Well, congrats guys
Whooooop Whoooooooop 😁!!
Is this... Twitter?
Host question: Right now is there a realistic chance of a united Ireland?
Might want to cut off the top 3rd of that if you want to be accurate....
Legend says if you squint really closely you can see the Ireland-UK hard border.
This is fucking embarrassing...
Looks like bowser
Yay?
\*cries as gaeilge\*
What's that lake up in the north called. That's a big ol' lake
ireland looks like a nugget
Ah the good old Lisdoonvarna festival and chatting up the yanks who wanted to hear Irish ☘️
Airblazer is aimn dom- Airblazer is my name
Ta tu anna go hallainn ar fad.- you are very beautiful. They loved this one :)
An bhfuil bosca fliuch agat? 😅
Hmmm,cant get my fadas working in ios.
That's bad
Because they stole our language . Stole our land we can change it
Ha hah! Fuck the English Wankers and their stupid language, it’s ours now. Nkw We just need to actuslly speak Irish.
How insensitive saying crowned
Feces turns from brown to a light tan colour with enough sunlight, look at all those spots of tan coloured shit.
That's not a good thing
And if the English hadn’t taken our native tongue we’d be the largest Irish speaking country in the EU. Not much to be proud of
Let's recap.     Thoses knee caps.............
Great work, yet again celebrating the default prize
Fun fact turn ireland 90 degrees to the left and it looks kinda like a dog
Landlords when they have to give back a deposit.

Had a landlord in Galway try this year's ago. We were warned about him by a lot of people so we took photos of the entire apartment the day we moved in.
When we went in to his office to collect our deposit after moving out he tried to withhold half of it for damages to the property. We made him list all the damage then took out the photos of the same damage that was present the day we moved in. 
He flipped out, called us smug little fucks etc. 
We got the cheque for the full amount.
The last place I rented my dog ate a chunk out of the carpet. He was about 7 at the time, and had never done anything like that in his life, but it happened. I read that dogs can do that sometimes if they're feeling ill and don't have any grass to eat?

Anyway, when I moved out I explained it to the property manager and they still gave me roughly half of my security deposit back. To this day I still wonder how that happened.
Anyone who ever has this issue should call Threshold, they get it sorted more often than not.
Previous landlord in 2014 withheld our deposit for a few weeks until an inspection was completed. We chased for days until I noticed a deposit in my account on a Friday. We only got 70% of the deposit back as they said the apartment needed to be deep cleaned. 

Total bullshit as we cleaned the place from top to bottom and since it was small it wasn’t a massive task. This wasn’t just a sweep up but proper clean of floors and every nook and cranny.

When I asked for a receipt of the works since we were effectively paying, I was just emailed two lines that it took 2 contract cleaners an hour at €120 each to clean the place.

We fought this but just ended up at a dead end. Any further calls and emails and I was told I would be reported for harassment. 

Days later I saw the apartment on daft for sale.
My first landlord said we were the best tenants he ever had because we installed new lights with his permission and smoke alarm. We cleared out his backyard and cleaned it which was disgusting when we moved in. We scrubbed the entire house top to bottom on the first and last day. The house was immaculate. Far better than when we moved in. On our last day he kept it because he saw a bottle of whiskey and bag of tayto in the sitting room that we had on our last day in the house. He said we threw a party. 700 kept each from 7 of us. He told us to fuck off or he'll call the guards when we hassled him for it. Vile disgusting old man. We warned the new tenants by letter when we saw somebody move in.
Used to live in in a rental in drumcondra with three others. Absolute gobshite of a landlady refused to give us our deposits back when we moved out. She'd left a load of her (dead) mother's stuff in the storage areas and in some of the  cupboards. The garden shed was chockablock with stuff. We all received this pompous and patronising letter from her saying some of her mother's things were missing and that we'd damaged the house, especially the carpet in the sitting room. Absolute rubbish. No joke, one item she'd listed as missing was a spare toilet brush that was supposedly in the garden shed. I was livid, rang her up and said I'd provide her with a replacement second-hand toilet brush no problem, and that as I'd been living in the house two years and the carpet was 10 years old, I'd pay for a fifth of its value. Then I looked up the RTB and guess what, no listing for the house. Rang her up again and said we weren't happy with the amount she was giving us back and that we were bringing it to the RTB. She amazingly changed her tune pretty quickly and we received most of the deposit back.
A few years back I shared a house in college with 4 others. The house should have been condemned - we used to wake up to puddles of water on the window sills, the heating physically couldn't heat the house because it was so old, and it was sinking into the foundations so badly you'd get motion sickness when you walked into the sitting room. 

We came back from the winter break and the house was absolutely coated in black mold, as in every ceiling surface in the house. Knowing that the landlord would do absolutely nothing to fix it, I got into them and told them I was moving out. A week later, they told me they'd need to keep the deposit because I was breaking the lease,  sent them the photos and mentioned my imaginary solicitor. Bank transferred the whole deposit immediately
This happened to me. No sign of my deposit being returned the day I was moving out despite having Had plenty of conversations with them ahead of time but got loads of excuses and promises I would “get it soon” etc. So when I moved out I locked the bedroom door and took the room key plus the front door key. They didn’t like that! “How am I supposed to show and the room and find a new tenant if I can’t get into the room?!” I was like, well when I get my deposit back, you’ll get the keys! I got my money back within a few days 👌🏼
Renting in Galway, we were asked to move out of our apartment as it was up for sale in 2017, The management company gave us 8 weeks notice. We managed to find somewhere else 6 weeks later. Deep cleaned the apartment (only 2 adults) so left it in perfect condition. The day comes to give back the keys, they decided to try keep two weeks rent from the deposit as we are moving out early???? Argued that they asked us to leave!! I’d say they try this shit on people all the time, luckily I had a friend barrister write up a beautifully worded letter, needless to say the deposit was miraculously put in to our account the next day. Next landlord was a pure gent, not all bad but fuck these scammers!!
Can you imagine a world without ~~lawyers~~ landlords?
[removed]
Landlord tried to charge us 20 euro for a broken wok handle.
We got the wok free with an Uncle Ben's offer...
I had one issue with a deposit and the prtb were on it sharpish enough, got the full amount back.

Otherwise I've found private landlords the most likely to try shenanigans, bigger let's and commercial landlords always just transferred it back no hassle.
If they’re dodgy, just tell them to take the last month’s rent out of the security deposit and get gone. 

It’s even quite a lot of hassle to evict a tenant 10 months overdue on their rent with no excuse. 

It’s basically impossible to chase a tenant who’s technically paid up, already or soon to move out, and hasn’t actually done any damage to the place. 

not giving you a reference is about their only comeback - but if they were gonna be a dick and lie about you damaging their property, they were probably gonna not give you one anyway.
Some of them don't see it as something they have, they see it as a fee you have already paid. And in their minds they are not "giving it back", they are "giving up their own money".
YOU, YOU, left a pencil on your floor, that is a €50 cleaning fee and lead tip damaged the carpet, so do not think you are getting your €300 deposit back.
I'm a landlord. I've only withheld a deposit once. My tenants had cats (against the lease) which destroyed the carpet. I had to have the carpet pulled and the wood beneath treated for cat urine odor. It was disgusting. The security deposit didn't even come close to covering the required work.

We're not all scumbags, but yeah, a lot of us are.
Friendly reminder to all new tenants: take pictures of everything when you first move in, and save the sh1te to de clowd!
I had one landlord, a property company who's manager left and stole all the utility money and everyone's in the complex's rent from them.   He also stole and destroyed all the lease documents.  When I moved out they tried to say they didn't have the lease so they had no way of knowing my deposit.  I had a copy.   They repeatedly refused saying it could have been doctored.  Then they hit me with a cleaning fee, because I had no deposit.

I took them to court and they said they had no deposit on record for me.  They didn't mention the fact that their guy had absconded with them.   I gathered affidavits from a ton of people in the complex, who all had the same damage deposit I had.   When I produced my copy of the lease, along with the affidavits,  When the judge found out they lied he got REAL pissed off and they had to fork out a ton of money, let's just say I got double my damage deposit back, and a generous amount of money for my troubles.    The judge also told them if they tried the same thing on any other renters he'd swear out a warrant and put them behind bars.  I put up fliers on everyone's doors telling them of my victory and not let the bastards cheat them out of anything.
I must have been lucky to never have to deal with this kind of BS with past landlords.
Got stung once before so the next time we let the electricity bill go unpaid so we had some leverage when it came to getting the deposit back. And surely enough the deposit was called into question toward the end. It was quite the standoff for a week or two with all parties eventually going to the post office to pay the outstanding bill and then them handing over the deposit. It was funny how there was zero problems all year until it came to handing back the deposit. They were mildly pissed and embarrassed. It felt good to get that deposit back.
I had a landlord who I never even met. I was half way through my second year of renting when he decided to evict us. Which was totally a breach of our contract.

We had never once damaged any property or anything and paid rent without fail on time every single month.

It took about 20 phone calls and emails over almost three months to get my deposit back.

They tried everything from constantly pretending to be out of the office despite reception saying they were in, to stating that they had no proof that I even paid the deposit despite me showing them the signed receipt.

Shower o' cunts.
This gives me a lot of anxiety
Best use of this meme that I've seen!
I live in California. My landlord tried to keep my deposit, but there’s a law that says they lose all rights to it (the full amount of the deposit) after 21 days AND you can sue them for up to three times the amount. So when my $300 deposit that somehow had been reduced to only $94 when I moved out - of a brand new apartment (one-year lease), like, we were the first people to live in it - with no explanation as to what ate up the $206 never arrived, I called the landlord. They said they mailed a check, it must have gotten lost in the mail, blah blah blah, five phone calls and three months later, I still didn’t have a single one of the four checks they said they mailed. So I sued, and my $300 turned into a $1,050 claim (including filing fees and whatnot). The idiots had the balls to call and try to settle it out of court, saying they’d write me a check for $1,000. I was like, you can’t even send me a check for $94, I certainly don’t trust you to send one for $1,000 without being ordered to do so! So we went to court, I won, and had a fancy fancy fancy dinner out to celebrate!l Landlords are pond scum...
Don't understand why landlords do this. I mean you know exactly where their house is? I wouldn't be the type to do it nor would I advocate it but they could easily find the outside of their house damaged to the tune of your deposit
Love their faces when you ask for the interest. It is law that anyone holding your money pays you interest.
Just lost €500 deposit and I never saw the apartment. I'm working with the gardi to try and catch the scammer
This doesn't even just apply to Ireland. I feel like landlords are like this basically everywhere
Idk if its like this in other countries, but in Norway it's law that deposits must be placed in a special shared deposit account (which is in the leasers name primarily), where neither party can take it out without consent(through the bank as an intermediary)

Makes it very hard to just keep the money. As it is the lenders by default and the landlord has to prove his case if he wishes to take anything.

law, in norwegian. https://lovdata.no/lov/1999-03-26-17/§3-5
Reddit has an interesting relationship with landlords
We really need something similar to the UK where the deposit is given to a third party who hold on to it and manage disputes. 

The entire regulations around renting need a massive overhaul and actual enforcement towards rule breakers.
What's the legality of just not paying the last months rent anticipating that they aren't going to return the deposit?
Landlord once tried to keep half of our 1200 deposit because there were cigarettes outside our bedroom window... They came from the students upstairs smh
So apt for me at the moment. Leaving the house Paddy's weekend after like 7 years. Been a good relationship but I know he hasnt been paying tax since we paid half in cash each month so at least can threaten reporting him to Revenue if he tries to screw us.
Had a landlord try to get me to *pay back my deposit after she returned it*, after moving out, after her inspecting the apartment, and after a new tenant moved in ... apparently the new tenant complained it wasn’t clean (it was, and she had verified) so she had the gall to text me asking to pay it back. I never laughed so loud in my life.
Remember when landlords caused the potato famine?  Fuck landlords, they're all leeches
I've always left my apartment spotless and been charged cleaning fees and at the same time I've never moved in to a clean apartment. Con artists
>Me realising you get back your deposit after you move out. 

Wait.. you guys are getting paid?
I wish they would just call it a fee so we can all move on with our lives. It’s the fucking lying that is the worst.
When I was faced with returning the deposit. I was SO HAPPY that I didn’t have to work on the property!!! I really hated removing piss covered carpets.  I’d much rather give the money back.
as a landlord in the us. there are strict laws around this, basically overruled by the lease tho

utilities and supplies taken out

never had to give anyone a cleaning fee until this most recent group of tenants... fucking ruining my floors ruining my walls. It honestly makes me want to cry.
There should really be a mandatory escrow service for rental deposits so you might have a hope in hell of getting them back at the end.
It happens in America too. Drives me crazy because it is one of the better common example of humans being scummy. Because, it's really theft.
facts the spend the money and think they don't have to give it back to you
Fuck landlords, this is why I bought despite a few years ago getting a new job. People were like you need to figure out if the job works out, I was like I make enough and have enough of a deposit, I'm fucking done with landlords.
They've probably been making interest off of it
i lived in a 5 bedroom house where the deposit was passed on from tenant to tenant over a few years. we all decided to move out at the same time and asked for the deposit back and he said no way, he got a deposit years ago. so we just didn't pay the final month's rent and fecked off.
Pro move: don't pay your last months rent when you move.
I've had 5 different landlords and not one hasn't given the full deposit back.
Best thing to do here is tell them you're using your deposit as your last month's rent, what are they gonna do? Kick you out?
I had a landlord claim I didn't give notice and had to change locks and show the apartment in the middle of the month and such. When I went to the office and asked how they knew I was even gone, he turned to his secretary and asked the same question. To which she replied "he have notice and turned in his keys..."

He knew he was in trouble then... Gave me half and claimed the other for screens and painting ( I will admit, I did smoke in there and my cats did damage the screens)
They always try it. Had to take 2 to the PRTB to get deposits back. First one I ever had took 30 quid out of a deposit for cleaning a stain on the bedroom carpet, a stain that was there when i moved in and had covered with a rug.

I actually ended up becoming friendly with the next person who rented that room. Unsurprisingly the stain had never been cleaned and I warned her what they would try and pull, sure enough they did. That stain has probably made that landlord hundreds
Have we ever been able to discern what service a landlord provides?    

Maintenance people do maintenance, groundskeepers keep the place neat etc. Property managers do the paperwork and coordinate all these things for the building, yet landlords do ... nothing. In "exchange" for this, they get at least a third of your income. Something seems fucky. 🤔
#ALL LANDLORDS ARE PARASITES
hose connected straight to the tap
I like how everyone still pays returnable deposits.  In Chicago, due to laws about escrow, most landlords have switched to non-refundable 'move-in fees'.  They don't help you move in, mind you, but they collect all the same.  Our landlord only charged 600$, most charge just under a month's rent to keep it legal.  We didn't get charged for pets however, so it's a trade off in that situation.
They always find a way to charge you for cleaning the carpet when they were gonna do it anyways.
My landlord’s tried illegally raising my rent every year in the last 4 years I’ve been here, not following the law with regards to notice, (rent increase from next month, etc) and always gets really nasty when I draw attention to it or ask for anything - roof isn’t leaking, I reported it. 🤷‍♂️ it’s your fuckin’ house mate. Anyway..

I won’t pay the last month’s rent; let her keep the deposit. I don’t trust her, she’s proven she can’t be reused time and again, I’ve it all in writing. If she kicks up I’ll report her to the RTB.
Had a landlord say the $400 deposit would be returned soon after moving out. One month of badgering and I'm told it'll be another month. Another month goes by and I get a check for $125. I go to the office and demand a list of everything they took money out for...their response? "It was just pretty dirty".  I say, "well, I have pictures of the day I moved in and the day I moved out, would you like to go through them with me?". They say, "well, actually I guess it was pretty clean". Check shows up for $350 a week later.
Never had this issue.
My college landlord got forclosed on and stole every ones deposit. Then Tried to go bankrupt on it. In another state.

One tenent did the work to find us a lawyer on contingency. We all ended up settling for 1.5x our deposits.
Rented a place from a lady who said that if my roommates and I showed up to clean after we moved out we would get our full deposit back. All of us showed up at 8am on a Saturday and worked for 4 hours to earn our deposit back.
don't get me started. renting through an agency. independent inventory report. report gets sent to the landlord for his suggested deductions. according to the report there was no damage. took me 30 min to read it. i've been waiting four weeks for this cunt to get back to the agency. next week i'll see if i can send a complaint to DPS.

and yeah, i'm aware a month is nothing, compared to what others sometimes have to wait. insane.
I always thought it was there so I don’t have to worry when I accidentally break something in my apartment, at least that’s why I use it
I had a landlord tell me before I moved out that he wasn’t giving me my deposit back because of all the “routine maintenance” he had to do when I was a tenant. I don’t have time to deal with that bullshit and the apartment had metal pipes that were on their last leg, I had a BUNCH of gallium that I had used for an education program that I didn’t need anymore so I went into the attic and scraped that shit on all of the pipes going to the hot water heater. 

I did this out of anger not considering the consequences to the next tenant but luckily like a week later I got a text asking me “were there any pipes leaking when you moved out?” And he went on to say that a bunch of pipes in the attic have leaked causing a crazy amount of damage. And I said “that sucks, at-least you have my deposit to pay for it” Last text I ever got from him was along the lines of “this is going to cost 10x your deposit”

Tldr: didn’t get deposit back so put gallium on pipes causing 10-20k in damage.
States and canada here, only gotten my damage deposit back from 1 place, and I had to bust balls to get it. I'm sure I could have bust balls to get it at other places to. But threatening to charge every land lord with thief and them fullly knowing the 700 damage deposit is worth the hassel for court. It can be pretty hard to get it
I like to refer to it as 'final months rent'.
This is a universal thing unfortunately.
It is just bad for business. I would want students to get their deposit back. I know they are hungry.
J+
How the hell does this have so many upvotes
it's all fun and games until you have to get small claims court involved
If you pay by direct debit you can request that your bank refund last eight weeks payments, no questions asked.


[SEPA refunds ](https://www.bpfi.ie/customer-assist/personal-customers/directdebit/) 


“Request a refund for any SEPA Direct Debit within eight weeks from the date on which the SEPA Direct Debit was debited from their account. Within the eight week period their bank must refund on a ‘no-questions asked’ basis”
We rented out our house as wife had to move to England to finish training.  The tenants completely destroyed a love seat couch that my wife had bought for €450.  We said we'd take €50 off the deposit.  The former tenant threatened to go through the prtb and harrassed my wife who was pregnant at work.  Eventually, she gave back the €50.  He was a rich kid too, parents owned the business he worked in.  Absolute dickhead, really wanted to kick the shit out of him.
Mao had some good ideas.
My landlord seems to be a nice person, but the friendly tone started changing once she discovered that the rental prices in the city have increased and are constantly increasing. She is pushing a higher price after one year despite me paying already a pretty high price for the newly built studio and complimenting me for being a good tennant numerous times. While we do seem to be likeminded in terms of general cleanliness and good care of the living place, her obsession with small scratches and spots on surfaces makes me feel some unease prior she starts the inspection. Hope it goes well.😌
Ha, the last one I got back was more than two years later, shocked.
Word. Happens here too. Power corrupts absolutely and all that. Shame it happens as soon as someone has just a lol but over someone else
It depends on the state on when interest is accumulated. However, some states also do not require interest paid or only if they manage X amount of properties. Check your state laws. But it is funny as hell when you ask for the extra amount. 

My last landlord owed me an extra $800 in interest. Took him to court and he had to pay me and accrued fines..lol.
Had a landlord try to claim $250 (Australian) for cleaning after we’d moved out. We had had the place professionally cleaned and had already delivered copies of the receipts (cost us $120). We were livid and demanded a copy of their invoice. The claim suddenly disappeared.
Came here from r/all .  This shit is super common in the US too.  I used to do a super thorough cleaning when leaving a place, but now I just vacuum and basic clean the counters/fridge etc.  They always find some bs to charge you for.
Seems only fair, right?
All my landlords have been sound.
Am landlord of one small apartment in the US. Have rented it to about 10 people. Never kept a penny of a deposit (knock wood).
Annnnnd....its gone!
I am in similar situation right now. I had a fixed contract for one year for a room in a flat. I decided to break contract and move out as I had big problems with flatmate in apartment. When I was contracting the leet with landlord, he said I can break the contract provided I give him enough notice period to find someone new. He said one month. The problem is that it was not put into contract. Now when I moved out and gave him agreed upon notice he is holding the deposit and stating that he wants to deduct the incurred cost of letting the flat again. I was thinking of contacting RTB to see which options do I have :/
Hell even the rent itself
hehehe
This is all landlords
My last landlord didn't have my deposit so I agreed to 2 months free rent, I never cleaned and left them a 500 pound hida bed couch they had to dispose of in return. I don't feel bad because they were selling the property and made 250,000.
We have prime time.
So glad I live in a province where it's illegal for landlords to take a damage deposit.
/u/RepostSleuthBot
I've fortunately only had 1 bad landlord and that was in college.  Dude was great to deal with until it was time to move and move out.  Months went by without getting our deposit back.  He tried to say that it was dirty, it wasn't and I roomed with who I did because we were both neat people.  We left that place better than he gave it to us and we had to send him certified letters threatening legal action if he didn't send the deposits back.
We had a good run lads.
[I couldn't stand it](https://i.imgur.com/RD9zxGy.png)
(For ease of accounting, let's pretend security deposits are $100)

When I was moving out of my first apartment, I cleaned the shit out of it to get some of my security deposit. Now, I had accidentally put a hole in my bedroom door so I know it would be dinged for that. So I get the final paperwork and it has an itemized bill for the security deposit:

-$55.40 for damage the door (yep, ok, expected that.)

-$44.60 for cleaning the grout... What?!

Meanwhile...

My friend moved into an apartment and got a waived security deposit special. A couple of us would end up at his place most nights after the bars and we tore that place up. Holes in the wall, window blinds busted up, that sort of thing.

He moves out and he got his $100 security deposit, which he didn't pay, back in full. 

Since then, I just assumed the deposit was sunk and cleaned the apartment only enough to not embarrass myself.
This meme format is goty.
I’m currently dealing with the worst landlord ever. Refuses to fix anything, can’t wait to get fucked over on my security deposit from the holes HIS WORKERS put in my walls and never came to fix.
As a "landlord".... holy hell the pictures I get of the semi annual inspections.... these assholes dont give 1 shit about my property, they are absolutely wrecking it, so I can see some of the attitude that I have gotten when renting before. 

Also, I still agree damages need to be itemized fairly and give back what isnt used. And dont count wear and tear, for instance the carpet is about fucked, but then again it is pretty much at its life cycle. So I cant really blame them too much.
Life pro tip for everyone in Ireland, if your landlord is dodgy and you don't think he will pay you your deposit back, bring it up with him/her before you pay your last months deposit. As for a written guarantee. If you can't get one, tell them to take the deposit off your last months rent 👌
Can you  not pay last month and tell lanlord to use your deposit instead?
Landlords are greedy parasites. Of course they won't give you your money back.
**TL;DR at the bottom**

Dang that sucks. I lived in this place I Hawaii and one day this cockroach came into oir place (cockroaches are plentiful in Hawaii so we always tried to live on the high floors since they usually don't crawl up), and my wife freaked out and unscrewed a bottle of bleach and pooted it on the carpet. Well it obviously didn't kill it and I ended up just stomping on it. 

Anyways, there's this big bleach stain on the carpet and I'm like shit, that's going to come out of the deposit. Then my wife gets the idea to try to use *"chapter paint"* to fix the color. But insty of getting this carpet paint (really a dye) she gets regular paint and tries to paint ove this bleach spot. 

Well it turns a pale greenish brown that looked like a mix of baby throw up and shit. So that looked even better. 

So we still had a decent bit of time we were going to live there so I didn't worry. Then when were were about to move I decided I was going to try to replace that area with a similar peice. Got the supplies and carpet price. Watched a couple videos to make sure I knew a little bit of what I was doing. Made the swap and it looked... well shit honestly. I'm like fuck it. We're losing the deposit, I got a chance to try something I hadn't done before and learned some things I could try if I ever had to do it again (wasn't going to try to find and chunk an even bigger hole in the carpet). 

Well day comes for inspection and I'm standing on the shower patch job as my wife walks around with her. She says everything is good and we all walk out together with me trailing and shutting the door behind and then inspector for the company locks the door. 

We luckily got the deposit in the mail about 2 weeks later after we had already moved back to the mainland so I am not sure if they re checked or maybe were anning on replacing it anyways. 

I don't really feel bad because when we first got there the carpet was old and shit. The nails popped up and I stubbed the shit out of my toe. When I called them they sent a repair main to nail in the old nails that weren’t holding anymore. So I could care less. 

**TL;DR:** Living in Hawaii, wife poorer bleach on a cockroach and damaged the carpet. Tried to paint it and made worse. I tried to patch it and it wasn’t that great. Stood on the patch and hid the evidence and got our deposit back.
A different perspective.... I rented out my condo to a professional couple for about 2 years, they had hung about 40 paintings and pictures up in the condo, I counted about 110+ nail holes in the walls.  I also told them they could deep clean the apartment on their own or I could hire a company and take it out of the damage deposit, they said they would deep clean.  There is a difference between tidying up, and cleaning an entire apartment from top to bottom, ie: washing all the walls, doing a legit carpet cleaning, cleaning all the cupboards, appliances, inside the fridge, all the floors, dusting, vacuuming, wiping all the windowsills, cleaning the windows, etc etc.   They also moved out about 2 days late after the lease was done. 


Granted they were ok tenants, always paid rent, didn't absolutely trash the place, but the whole point of the damage deposit is to take care of things like the 110 nail holes in the wall, sanding and repainting the bedroom door frame their cat had scratched the ever living fuck out of, random wear and tear, damage to appliances like dings and scratches and shit, and having to hire a company to actually top to bottom clean the fuck out of the place to make it ready for the next renters etc etc.  


I wasn't a dick, but in hindsight I probably should have kept **MORE** of the damage deposit than I did, I'm sure in their minds I was a greedy asshole though for not giving them their full deposit back...
Landlords like that are the worst because when places DO get trashed its harder for the mom and pops who just rent out their spare bedrooms or whatever to come out okay
No longer a landlord. But loved it when we were able to give it all back. Minimal down time between re-leasing. All the crazy people that you meet on the train, bus, pub, stores RENT PLACES. If they are pigs in public, they are pigs on steroids in their dwellings. 
Dirty diapers strewn about, on carpets or hardwood floors, shit and piss everywhere. Wallpaper torn off. Appliances broken. You may hate having to rent, and therefore hate landlords.

 Buy us looking at you isn't very sweet, either. Our last 2 were pretty good, and lasted 7 plus years each, but people are even worse than before. So we sold out. 

People who bought doubled the rent, and we probably should have had it higher. Which is sad all around, as I was young once, and a renter.
Oh so landlords are parasitic scum over there too eh?
I don’t know what it’s like in Ireland but in metropolitan Canada, the house or apartment you get back has a 50/50 chance of being completely destroyed including shit smeared on stiff and used needles all around and three months worth of garbage stacked up around the house. Some people aren’t civilized. 

One if my favourite was the Nigerian who did their cooking on the living room floor. The stove was untouched.
Don't tarnish all landlords with the same brush. My parents rented a houses out, had a tenant who didn't pay rent for 4 months, causes 10K worth of damage and the only way to get rid of her was to give her deposit back!
I'm in the same boat right now. My old landlord claims to have already mailed me the damage deposit check with the necessary deductions. It's been almost a month now and yet I see no sign of it.
Before I moved out of an apartment I shampooed the carpet and cleaned everything. In the living room was a small, old world bronze colored, chandelier. I remember thinking I could just give it a quick wipe down. One swipe and I noticed a lot of dirt coming off. i kept wiping and all the "bronze" came off, the chandelier was silver. When the landlord did a walk-through  I pointed this out to him, he just stared at it like he couldn't believe it had been that dirty. I never received my down payment. He cited he had to get it "professionally" cleaned.
It's amazingly reassuring, I have the dumb today.
this happens across the pond in America too lol
If being a landlord is as lucrative as the typical Redditor thinks it is? They should team up with each other - pool a few million - buy property and show actual landlords how things should be.

By now you've spent a couple a seconds thinking about that possibility. Your instincts reveal that this business plan will never happen. Because... Angsty Redditors gather 'round the amorphous blob of Greeeen Envy - and *bow to it.* It's so much easier than working for a living and planning for a future worth living in.

The real tragedy is that for most Redditors, nothing else that's measurably significant will ever happen in their lives either. Their enemy is *themselves* \- because they harbor a resentment towards becoming an *irrefutably successful adult.*
I would be absolutely thrilled to give back my tenants' deposits. Most of them have cost me far more than the amount of the deposit. Also, there is the always the possibility of some asshole costing me thousands because they completely fucked it up. I can go after them in court, but it either isnt worth it for my legal costs if its a few hundred more. Or, they simply don't have the money, so I'm not getting anything anyway. Such is life.
This man does not represent Irish people or Irish culture.

[deleted]
He represents an Ireland we usually shield the tourists from when we market Ireland as quirky little holiday destination.
I want this to be true. But as someone who has had weird hairstyles by Dublin standards in his youth that drew attention, I can tell you you could not walk around the the city center or certain areas on the northside without encountering a gang of his dopplegangers, in various degrees of worse fitness just looking to hassle someone or feel like hard lads. J just get that same bang of energy off him that I did from the lads in those encounters. I think he represents a decent chunk of people, and they are likely the types still thinking hes great, even now.
He literally represents the Irish  knacker side of Ireland he does not in any way represent simple decent irish folk like the man he punched in a bar just sitting there having a pint. But don't be fooled by the expensive clothes this guys a knacker. He talks like one act like one he just isn't living rough so he doesnt look like one
His run from around 2013 to 2016 was absolutely incredible. He had bags of talent and charisma. It's fairly tragic that it has ended up this way.
Can I be a hipster for a second and just say I hated him all along?
As an absolute skanger, he sadly does represent a sizeable portion of our population.
Breaks my heart to see what he’s become. Used to look up too him as lad that was living an ordinary life, just like me, as a young lad with no real direction until he clawed his way up to the top of the UFC and life. Had his poster on my wall and all.

I admired the young, hungry Conor before the Aldo fight. He’s destroyed his legacy and tarnished Ireland as a whole. He had so much more potential. Katy Taylor deserves all the fame he got. She’s 10x the fighter, person and role model he is.
[deleted]
He definitely does though. His behaviour and attitude isn't unique to him or something that wasn't around pre-2012. People love to pour scorn on the rugger bugger thugs because it's punching up and they're easy targets as privileged douchebags but we've a serious problem with antisocial behaviour amongst the working class youth and it's not all to do with deprivation as Conor's own background (not poor) shows.
He represents a massive chunk of Dublin culture alright. He's better behaved than the tens of thousands of scumbags living in this city.
He's a fairly accurate summation of a lot of Irish culture
Scumbag culture surely?
He’s a weird looking fucker too. His head is both figuratively and physically getting bigger
Well he’s Irish so he does
Karma whoring about McGregor is becoming as bad as threads about the Brits on here...
His whiskey is in every ‘Irish whiskey’ section outside of Ireland. He most certainly represents us and our culture whether you like it or not.
Arsehole with more money than sense. Quick to take offense, slow to take responsibility. 

How does he not represent Irish people?
I‘m in Irland Right now and have to say the Irish are ohne of the Most wonderful People i ever had the pleasure of meeting.
I think in this photo he represents Easter Island.
I’ve been to Ireland and you guys are amazing. I would never relate him to y’all.
[deleted]
Jesus, the circlejerk on this sub has reached peak shitpost levels lol. I think McGregor is a shitty person too, but honestly, are we just at the point where you post a picture calling him shitty for Karma.....
Yet he was hailed as the 2nd coming of Christ and during his heydays any negativity towards him was met with significant hostility, even on here. You were anti Irish if you did not like and support him. He's scum and he was from the first day - anyone with half a brain could see it. Nothing ever changed - just it took half the country many years to realise it sadly.
He represents assholes.
Say sike right now.
*"this man does not represent humans as a whole"*

FIFY
I loved Conor in the octagon a few years ago. Today I am embarrassed that my friend still defends him. "He barely punched that guy". Na dude, It's still an assault. I'm not Irish but I would like to think that most Irish people do not act like Conor McGregor.
Canadian here who's been to Ireland twice (first time was for my honeymoon!). I equate all Irish people to being like Open Champ Shane Lowry. Am I on the right path here? 

Oh and I need to find a Football (Gaelic) team to support. I bought myself a Dublin shirt last year when they won the League Championship, but I hear they're not very popular.
I don't know he seems like your typical Ringsend/Ballymun/Crumlin skanger. Pity he had to be the one to represent us in the mainstream media.
Used to be his fan, and I'd defend him, but hitting an oul lad who doesn't want to drink your bottled piss was crossing the line.

Met him once, he was fine, actually kind of shy and just a normal young fella.
My friend went to America and when she was in New York two drunk guys came up to her. They must have overheard her talking because they said something along the lines of " ay, your Irish like Conor McGregor! Dont let anyone fuck with you! You could beat them up like McGregor!"
So I guess he's keeping the irish safe from drunk Americans.
I'd rather have Cassidy from Preacher represent the Irish people.
Technically he does.
As a Scottish person I totally agree.  Nothing thing like the amazing Irish people I know. I believe the term is Knacker.
I appreciate the sentiment here and I certainly don't *want* him to represent us. I find it frankly embarrassing that non-Irish people associate us with this fucking thug. But unfortunately I can't fully agree. 

He represents a side of Ireland that makes me wish I lived somewhere else. He represents a nasty part of my life in Dublin, he represents the kind of people who made school a living hell for me.
I've always said that he was a cunt. And what do you know? He's a cunt.
He's just a gobby cunt and a shining example of the saying "you can't buy class". I'd rather be a poor gentleman with a kind humble heart, than a rich steaming puddle of mongrel vomit like this dopey sweatsack. What a flaccid bellend he is.
"Oh yeah I'm as Irish as tayto crisps when I'm the champion of the world, but now I'm retired and you all want nothing to do with me, fecken fair day irishman the lot of you". No actually Conor it was all of the rapes, it was the raping that did it

(this is not a real quote)
What man, there's no man in this picture!
He’s a living breathing caricature of all the bad traits people believe Irish folk to have. He’s a fucking knacker and a terrible excuse for a human.
There's something about the bone structure of his head that screams "knacker".
who dis?
Yes he does, where does this denial come from. The irish people are some of the fightiest people you will ever meet.
Katie Taylor needs to be given more recognition than this wanker.
[deleted]
I'm sure the people of Ireland are of a variety as are most any folk in any country.
Yet, the world chooses which represents a culture without truly knowing that  culture & people.  Aye?
Who has ever said that?
Sadly he represents far more of it than should be the case...
So he’s Scottish ?
Who says you get to decide what does or doesn’t represent Irish culture?
No, but that fella he tapped in the pub mid-tantrum sure as feck does. 

Stoic, sensible and finished his pint.
Did anyone else read every comment in this thread with an Irish accent?
The smart folks of Ireland, DO NOT CLAIM HIM
everything i know about that guy is awful. just the worst.
I used to be a huge fan of his achievements, yet after his last friction with the old man in the pub, he proved he is literally a trash and a lucky flop
Basically like rednecks here in America.
No, but your organized crime does! /s
Rest of the world - "Yea right"
Stereotypical Irish characterization manifest.

Like if an American University of Notre Dame football game suddenly became a person. Just a giant drunken twat playing to someone's romanticized idea of what it means to be Irish.
I wouldn’t think anyone would want to acknowledge him as anything other than a cunt. He can fight a bit, he’s good at beating up people who can’t fight back.
Conor McBully
Lol, but an American who has ancestors from Ireland is an ‘Irish  American’. And will tell you they’re Irish.
There’s himself, with the Oirish Zika Voirus.
Putin doesn’t represent russians. Trump doesn’t represent americans. Messi doesn’t argentinians. 

But. Stereotypes represnt a lot of. For sure. Fuck it. But it’s true.
Except physically. He's sort of a cliche
Why do people not like Conor anymore?
Bet he can't even fookin read
He does represent angry cunts though
its honestly quite sad, i used to believe he could have been a great national symbol for ireland and been a very important icon in sporting we could be proud of, im honestly very disapointed at what he became, he has really fallen from grace and i dont know if he will ever redeem himself
As an American with Irish blood I’ve always wanted to visit Ireland and I wondered what the people were like. I imagined Connor is just your typical egomaniac that every nation has
I'm personally very fond of the Irish people as well as the culture. You guys rock on as hard as ever. Greetings from Finland~
Hits an old man for refusing a drink, or whatever. Does it really matter? He HIT an OLD MAN. I don't care where you're from, or who you are, that was a cowardly douchie move and I hope his payoff is in the 7 figure range. And yes, I would say it to his face. My opinions don't change just because he can hit this old man too.
I was in Hobart at Uni on a study abroad for a year. Hobart was great and I loved my time there. It was other students there from Tasmania that introduced me to what bogans were and reinforced it when we went to Launceston, Tasmania.
He's a spanner.
 Conor McGregor going to flats on council estates of known crack dealers,Goes in there comes out 5 mins later and pple have took videos of it .cus of the fame it brought a lot of heat on the drug dealer cus the garda (police) looked into it .and a raid found cocaine and rock cocaine .so when I hear pple in youtube comments and twitter saying it maybe it brings more credence then jus what u thought it was to begin with ie trolls.  WHERE THERES (crack)  SMOKE THERES NORMALLY A FIRE ....
He's what happens when a knacker gets rich.
Why is it that Irish people who really make it big have to be an utter embarrassment? This twat and Bono to name a few. Bob Geldof is getting on my nerves recently too.
gets drunk and hits people... 

he kind of does.
TBF I see a ton of bashing but very little about how much he's donated to charity or helped the community, hospitals and such. As an American I was blown away with the Irish pride for Connor when he was holding the gold, likewise I am surprised how quickly that all went away once he lost it. Rooting for someone is easy when everything is going in the right direction.
well, he did at the point where he was

now he's not anymore

let's not pretend people didn't ever think he represented ireland

he was the pride of ireland at his peak
Scumbag, dole-munching, ballyfermot knacker
People say this and that. People who say those things, the naysayers, they weren't with me before anyway. They're not gonna be with me after I get this one back either. So I don't pay attention to them. 

\- The Notorious Conor McGregor.
Lol oh whatever .. he did you guys good
Are you sure?  I'm pretty sure he is the final form of every Irish guy in New England.
[deleted]
Two bit junkie thug
He had thousands of supporters that travelled to Vegas regularly back when he actually fought. I genuinely wonder what those people think about about him now? I mean he went from being popular to basically despised in a couple of years. I have no interest in ufc or mma, have never seen a bout in my life so can't comment on how impressive his rise to the top was. But his decline has been spectacular
Outstanding

How the fuck did Geldof make £150m when he’s only done I Don’t Like Mondays?
Every time I clap my hands, Bono avoids more taxes.


Remember when South Park made an episode all about a competition of who could pass the most astounding piece of shit out of their butthole, and the reigning champion was Bono's dad, because Bono's dad just took a huge shit once and then it started writing songs and exploiting people and tragedies for personal profit?

edit: typos
I heard they've ties to EA too.
I didn't think these two could have gotten any lower in my estimations till the last few weeks. Insufferable pair of pricks.
i'd say geldof makes inappropriate advances on himself all the time. 
Be interesting to see if he hands back his knighthood/freedom of London, to highlight the slaughter of civilians in Yemen, considering how its the British government selling the planes and cluster bombs, while it's military advisers are picking the targets. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ttdd5jbbASo
[Obligatory](https://i.imgur.com/9iPBSXY.jpg)
If anyone's into conspiracies, Geldof is a goldmine. 




[removed]
Bono is and always has been a douchebag
Insufferable pricks
[deleted]
Every time I clap my hands, I kill a child in Africa.
Where the streets have no name because the government couldn't afford signs.
Every time I saw those pricks at live 8 I asked myself why people are cheering and donating for them. If these guys paid taxes and donated then it’d add up to a lot more than what we small potatoes could ever donate 
Cuntz.

I spelt it with a zed to show how big of cunts they are.
Sort by controversial to see Yanks defending tax avoidance because 'the gubberment is evil'
Crooks!
Out fucking standing
what a pair of unrighteous cunts
Geldof must thank God every night for those starving Ethiopians.
Somebody please Eli5 this for me i am interested but cant see any sources or info on what they have actually done thats so bad ? Cheers in advance.
What a pair of self righteous cunts. 
Reminds me of a joke:

One day, Bono was giving a speech to a crowd in the middle of one of his concerts.  He started clapping his hands at a steady rate, saying "Every time I clap my hands, a child in Africa dies."

Then, one of the concert goers shouted, "Stop clapping your hands, you sick bastard!"
Fuck both of em.
This should be flagged as NSFW for showing two cunts
Years ago I created this. Thought it fitted aptly.

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/2pWAFZE.jpg)
celebrity charities are juat tax avoidance schemes , they used these charities to filter out extra income to make it tax free , never paid a single dime to these charities and never will.
Plus most of the money raised by Live Aid ended up funding their dictator's attempt at genocide.
I hate to interject in the circlejerk, but at least on this particular occasion, Geldof is right.

What's happening in Burma is shameful and instead of sticking in some cosy little club of celeb goody-goodies, he is calling out Aung San Suu Kyi forcefully and correctly. And I commend him for it. He is right. End of story. Your personal little hatred is irrelevant, sorry.

Many people fell of her bullshit for many years, embarrassingly, but at least now they are coming out and facing the reality and saying what's right. Unlike most posters here who have never done any good in the world.

The political posturing by SF 'lord' mayor yesterday was beyond pathetic and illogical.
Excellent
Fuck Bono. Dude is patronizing fuck. Never forget watching a video of him going to Africa to "help". He'd stop by villages and kiss babies for the photo op and then retire to his resort at the end of the short day. 
It's finally becoming international knowledge
I understand the idea is to make money and stay wealthy, but the extremely privileged 1% can afford to drop 10 million a year to charity work or even start their own foundations. Why hog wealth when you can’t take it with you when you die? 
and being selfrighteous smug little pieces of shit while doing it too
The music is completely forgettable as well ;)
I used to hate Bono because of his shit music, but now he truly is the biggest turd.
Bono once again proves he is the biggest piece of shit... South Park always gets this shit right.
How have the actions of Geldof and Bono created even more poor people?
Ultra douchebags
Geldoff is non-dom because he's fucking Irish.  Being from another country is not tax avoidance, it is just being foreign - how often do you avoid paying tax in Uzbekistan?
I'm just gonna leave this here:

[http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1314543/Bonos-ONE-foundation-giving-tiny-percentage-funds-charity.html#ixzz10NgT5KiG](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1314543/Bonos-ONE-foundation-giving-tiny-percentage-funds-charity.html#ixzz10NgT5KiG)
[amateurs](https://www.engadget.com/2017/10/04/europe-takes-ireland-to-court-over-apples-14-5-billion-tax-bil/)
Joshua money tree. 

You get more followers as a wolf in sheep's clothing /s
I feel so proud when someone in r/Ireland makes a beautiful meme and it sees r/all.


Ask Bob Geldorf about stealing, yes stealing, Michael Hutchinson's daughter and not letting her see her grandmother or family.  
Seems like South Park may have had the right idea with their Bono episode.
🎶Yeah, yeah, yeah!🎶
***AND*** Geldof managed to make the Ethiopian famine situation even worse, what an utter cunt!


https://www.spin.com/featured/live-aid-the-terrible-truth-ethiopia-bob-geldof-feature/
And very holier than thou too 
Here's the thing about Geldof and the whole freedom of Dublin thing for me.

The day before yesterday I didn't know anything about a refugee crisis in Myanmar, today I do.  That's probably true for a lot of people.

Edit: Fuck me for learning about something for the first time, amirite!
Redditor 81,000 karma in 21 days now is back!  Your English still isn't quite there yet, Comrade.

https://www.reddit.com/user/aolataoldotcom
Have they at least gotten them to stop clapping yet? 
[deleted]
i agree with all that except the last part, how do their investments make more poor people?
The guy on the right looks like a broke down Tranny.
U Talkin’ U2 to Me? 
[deleted]
> Bono; if you want to help poor people, sell your tinted shades you cunt.

\- Bo Burnham
Bono dresses like he’s in a U2 cover band. 
Thats why ever these rich celebs start spouting off about some cause and how I should give what little money have I just roll my eyes and move on 
Someone should take the Freedom of the City from the Myanmar leader. 
I️ liked that the presenters at the European VMA’s didn’t give a single shit that they were introducing U2. 
Better question is; why hasn't someone printed these off as flyers to hand out to people on the street or pin to walls around public spaces? In this day and age people seem to go all sjw on these things. I mean obviously take off that watermark and it'd probably be all good.
#2
Was always saying that.
I got a little black book with me poems in.
I was thinking about making a very offensive joke using a certain Presidents of the United States song. Thankfully I did not.
Wow Robin Williams and Christoph Waltz sure are jerks
Bono has a absolutely no musical talent, how did he become famous 
Fucking twats!
Bono is a giant turd. 
Fair play to them. 
"This guy earned all this money, so I'll just take all of his" 
But Bono’s personal jet fuel and silver service paid for itself by gifting his gracious message to the masses in a speedy and healthy fashion! 
Full of shite and full of em selves. If you’ve seen either interviewed in the last 25years(Bono’s case longer) they’ve become a parody of the,selves and totally bought into it. bono thinks he’s a sunglasses wearing snake alien god and therefore slithers through interview like a photo shoot for a python. 
They’re musicians. I never got why they’re listened too. Looking for answers to life from a bassist would lead you to hooking in amsterdamn for mushrooms. 
Play music and STFU. Just sayin ;)
So my dislike of U2 since I first heard them is justifiable. Lol 

Not such a beautiful fucking day anymore huh?
This looks like a classic 80's buddy movie, or better yet some sort of cheesy odd-couple sitcom. 
Pair of hypocrites 
Ha ha yes those are indeed a pair of wacky gentlemen
Title says Convincing (only) poor people to donate.. But in reality using skills to help people, asking anyone to donate regardless of wealth.
Worth should probably in inverted commas. 
Neoliberalism_irl
How does not paying taxes *create* more poor people?

Like, clearly they're cunts and not paying taxes negatively impacts poor people because their tax payments would be going towards public services that could help poor people, but I don't see how it creates them.

In other words, who is now poor, but otherwise wouldn't be poor if Bono paid taxes? The lives of existing poor people would be better, certainly, but they'd still be poor. 
Evasion yes, avoidance no. Boring going after the evaders , in fact the words tax evasion shouldn’t exist. It should be that you’re tax compliant or you’re avoiding tax. This grey area that accountants and lawyers can use to efficiently manage tax (evasion) should not exist. All this bullshit of morality. Tax should be simple, binary .
He has a very much ‘holier than thou’ attitude. So full of righteous indignation , and now look at this totally selfish behavior.
So I went to one of U2's shows that was part of the 360 tour a few years back. We were all handed masks, and subjected to a few minutes preaching about Aung San Suu Kyi, and how it was a cruel, undemocratic society that was keeping her under house arrest.

It now amuses me greatly that Geldof has handed his key to Dublin back due to some issue with Aung also having the Freedom of the City, but ignoring persecution of muslims, or something.

Bunch self important blowhard pricks. Any cause fashionable to follow, and very superficial support.

How dare they say I must give to their chosen fashion... sorry... cause of the moment when they earn in a day what will in my life time, and then go all out to avoid tax and actually doing any good.
Would you like to donate a dollar to my "Fuck U2" foundation?
Yes, nothing is more insufferable than either of them telling people to “give us you fucking money” before they get on their private jets to fly to their tax havens. But of course they have to act all high and mighty about how they’re the only ones that give a fuck about poverty.
Well tonight thank God it's them ! Insteeeaaad of yooouuuuu !
Not paying taxes creates poor people?
Ah the liberal mindset. Do one thing, while preaching something else to help you sleep at night.
> Financial investments create even more poor people

Imagine being this economically illiterate
[deleted]
To be fair they've raised about $150 million dollars for famine relief. They're not perfect, and maybe they can be hypocritical considering their vast personal wealth. But it's hard to put a downward spin on the fact that they've fed millions upon millions of starving people. Have some perspective. 
Hmmmmm

The news absolutely LOVES the Molotov cocktail stuff. Don’t get me wrong, I do to, but I’m so sick of hearing newscaster get so fucking giddy about women and children resorting to making firebombs. There’s that video of a girl throwing one at a tank from her car and her car catches fire too, that shit is gonna be happening all over the place, and it won’t be pretty.
We’re seeing similar cognitive dissonance from the DUP up in the north

“Militarised colonialism is abhorrent, one country using their superior numbers and firepower with the intention of annexing another nation, is something that ought to be condemned and resisted… except in Ireland”
Ah yes, you see there's a difference between Russian paratroopers shooting civilians and British paratroopers shooting civilians - I'm not sure what but no doubt a good Brit Nat can tell us.
rules for thee but not for me
The greatest irony for the UK is that the current crisis started in 2014 when the then Ukraine leader held off signing treaties that would have brought it closer to the EU. 

So the UK are praising those Ukrainians dying for wanting to be closer to the EU, while simultaneously upholding the Brexit narrative of the EU being an oppressor.
Guerrilla fighting is romantic and noble.. when its not in Ireland
I remember someone once asked... 
"Why don't the English like the Irish?"

And I forget who answered but they said something along the lines of...
"Because when they first met us, we weren't Catholic enough. And then 100 years later, we were too Catholic!"


Sidenote, I think the whole Catholics vs Protestants thing is ridiculous, there was Protestants who fought against the British for freedom as well.
Someone along the way turned it into a religious issue when it was never about that in the beginning. 
/rant.
The media helping Ukrainians defend their country is a good thing.

But it is strange that they'll portray a Palestinian child throwing a rock at one of the worlds most powerful militaries as terrorism and justify them being shot by a sniper.
"It's different when we do it"
Would someone explain who this man is to an uninformed American stumbling in from the front page?
I've felt the same way the last couple of days except it's for the response to Ukrainians fleeing.

(BEFORE ANYONE JUMPS ON ME) I'm glad Ukrainians are being accepted and housed, rightfully so, but I think it's rich of the EU to suddenly give a shit when we've been playing pass the parcel for years when it came to Syrians, Iraqis, and Afghans who have been facing the exact same thing (invasion, attacks, bombings, civilian deaths).
When will Garry be on Dancing With the Stars?
[deleted]
No you don't understand. It's not wrong for British to colonize places. Only other countries. Ireland wasnt even a colony. Look it up. People will tell you this. Who? The royalists and loyalists of course. God chose the Windsor family to educate us savages. Ask any member of the former British empire and I'm sure they'll share the widely held Irish opinion that it was better back in the good old days of the Victorian era.
It’s the same for Palestinianss
Sent this one to my family chat. Was not received well by some 😂
I've a feeling we've been infiltrated by young Fine Gael .
one of my Irish friends educated me about Britain's bombardment of Ireland. I didn't believe him at first "We'd never do that".

Oh my love of the uk fell off a cliff and since then I've seen through all the political bullshit.

I moved out of country and then realised basically every government has some level of this crap, sickens me.

The reality is that people are rallying against Russia not for Ukraine, sad but true.

I wish the world did that for the Irish, you guys are awesome. Also your film industry is golden! Cheers
The double standards are obvious
It is crazy though  isn't it 😆
That makes BBC similar to Russia 24. You just have to use proper angle. 

Thanks for all support, good Irish people.
Someone mentioned in another thread Ireland is also a country that has never invaded anyone else , ever
Those comparing what's happened in the North 50 years ago to what's happening now in Ukraine don't seem to understand that complexities of either conflict.
It’s fascinating seeing MSMs hee turn when their anointed ‘good guys’ are conscripting child soldiers.

A ‘bad’ or ‘uncivilized’ country using these tactics would be deemed cruel or barbaric. But it’s the good guys, so the Molotov wielding 8 year old who is about to get cut in half by a stationary turret is el epic wholesome 100!
When civilians- not just that- children and teenagers, have to make weapons of war it is not something to be  Smiling at. I praise the resilience but weep that it’s required in today’s day
Meanwhile Gerry posts vaguely pro-Russia stuff on all his social media.
I just added r/ireland yesterday and it already paid off.    :)
I'm not Irish but I feel right at home in this sub because I too harbor deep historical resentment towards the British lol
I have to say, this post is doing a fantastic job on flagging up the level of free stater hypocrisy still alive and well in Ireland today
Funny we never see Palestinians getting wall to wall airtime of them making Molotovs. Or Iraqi or Yemeni civilians sheltering from Western bombs. 

Turns out that if your skin is the right colour and the enemy the same, the West will deify you. If not, we couldn’t give a shit.
What's not to love about molotov's?
Shit just got controversial
Or when Palestinian children tossed rocks at Israeli military vehicles and got imprisoned for being terrorists
Aye.
If the Leinster Rugby Dads have their way they'll be sending the culchies off to die for every country but Ireland.
But Sinn Fein!
The double standards are immense, US and UK alike. Their only major demonstrable principle is power politics, in that regatd they're not different from Russia or China.
Fair amusing how many of yous cant seem to be able to take a joke
Palestineans sitting back laughing at this whole thing
Gerry is looking like a daddy.
It's similar to how the Irish refueled Nazi warships while claiming to be "neutral"
When the Ukrainains start to torture people by drilling into their kneecaps with electric drills, call in bomb threats and then massacre innocent people when they think they are safe and place bombs in shops, then you can make this comparison.  
The IRA were evil fuckcunts.
[deleted]
LMFAO my Irish brothers and sisters are not missing the irony in this one. FREEDOM!
I found the Beeb to be very even-handed in their coverage of the Troubles. The restrictions on their reporting were always imposed from above.
They are patently not the same situation. And its disgusting considering that Provos/provo-fellow travellers are supporting Putin.
The narcissism of making the ongoing slaughter in Ukraine about tHe IrIsH pEoPlE. 

Can people cool it with their shitty hottakes?
/r/Me_IRA is leaking, or would be until it was banned.
This man fought against the democratic wish’s of a population to fulfill his own ambition ensuring many were killed along the way. Scum
Palestine has entered the chat
No
One of the funniest things I've ever read
It'll be fair to draw parallels only if Ukraine starts bombing kids in Russia
Ironic... no.
Drawing any parallels is bullied on Reddit as "whataboutlism". Once they call you that, you already lost.
bUt tHey muUrDeERrd pEoPle
Lot similarities.
Not analogous situations at all...
[deleted]
You're pretty cool, don't go to the Horse and Groom, Guildford, 5th October 1974.
Hello Mr Morrison, how's life?
The face you make when you see someone getting away with bombing civilians like you never did.
Still a few Russki trolls in the sub then
How do the Irish remain neutral whenever possible, avoid all international affairs where possible, vehemently want to be left alone, but still expect the world to drop what they're doing to help the Irish when you have internal issues?
Everyone's focusing on how the Brits are hypocritical, whay we should be focusing on is that giving civilians military grade weaponry makes the whole country safer. The Americans were right on that one
Foreign invasion? You people are historically illiterate. I can't even express how much I hate this scumbag apologia. Unsubbed and replies disable. We will never be part of your country, I can't even stand to be part your subreddit.
Not the same.
Am as embarrassed for you as Ged is for wearing that t shirt.
They’re not blowing up busses packed with innocent civilians, or organising massive social media campaigns against child sexual assault survivors though are they. 

That’s the big difference between SF and Ukraine.
Thank fuck this has made the front page....
thaaaaaaat's different!!!
I make that face when climaxing.
I DONT GET IT!?
Not exactly the same....... because Ireland were the ones doing the attacking
Its more likely the Dear Leader is slowly releasing a fart in that picture.
Reasonable point, but please let's not go trying to make Gerry sympathetic
Seems about right

Landbastard still seems gendered male to me. I prefer landleech.
As a bastard child I find this offensive.
I understand the historical term is “The English”
As an actual bastard I take offense to this
Housing scalper*
>'landbastard'

I'd like to add the land part to my title one day
"parasite"
Landchad
“One person’s rent is another person’s income” - Leo Tolstoy Varadhkar.
why do we give them such high titles like "lord" and "lady" anyway???
How about land parasite, to paraphrase Adam Smith, author of the Wealth of Nations. He called landlirds parasites because they profit of land that they inherited or bought, but didn't in any way create. "They reap where they never sowed"
And you won’t be served at your local ever again👍
My last one was referred to as “landcunt”
It's actually landbastard and landbitch. 😆
Landnonce
Slumlord
Landowner
Just really low effort shit banter isn’t it?
As an illegitimate child, don't compare me to those fucking parasites.
Cracked me the fuck up. I thought for a second it was some random woke post
Landbastard and landbitch
Landbastitch
Love this. Every time I hear a landleech complaining about taxes or tenants it makes me sick. You chose to buy an extra house that you absolutely didn't need and probably prevented someone from getting on the ladder so screw you and may any tenants you get be absolute scrotes
Landcunt
Most gendered words with negative connotation have escaped scrutiny. Consider:

-	Henchman
-	caveman
-	hangman
-	deadman
-	bogeyman
-	axman
-	garbageman

There’s dozens more, but you get the idea.
The Irish government  has had numerous opportunities  to fix the issue of  horrific landlords but chose not to due to the fact that nearly all TDs are landlords. Fucking greedy scumbags the lot of them. They DO NOT supply housing as Leo once stated, they purchase property to rent at exorbitant rates and hoover up family homes diminishing available properties.

Landlord  = Greed.... and fully protected by the Gardai.
I like my landlord, he reduced our rent during covid and let us stay one month without pay when we lost our jobs
Is it just me that uses bastard as a male and bitch as a female? I only ever actually use them as satire or when I'm angry at a game but it's always gendered
Baron.
Thief
landhog
Landiot
Can we not just say "landlord" to women too?... Like I want to be called "lord".
LandM´´  lady
I prefer “landcunts” it’s pretty gender neutral if you ask me
Landloser
It’s LandMAN not LandLADY! And that is a SCIENTIFIC FACT!
But what if the landlord is awesome
Legit
[deleted]
Can you afford to buy a house? If your answer is no, these "landbastards" are the only thing keeping you out of a homeless shelter
Landcunt.
Prefer land hoe
I prefer leech or parasite
Just call them "Feudal Authority Roach", same thing.
My landlady bought me all new furniture and had the whole flat redecorated after I asked her where does she recommend I buy a new bed because I was having bad allergies. 

I offered to pay for it and she insisted she paid. The whole thing cost more than 3 months of my rent. 

Not all landlords / landladies are bad. Mine is literally the nicest human being I've ever met.
Some landlords started with nothing and got mortgages to buy delapidated houses and renovate them to rent out. They then refinanced them based on the new appraisal value and bought another delapidated house to repeat the process. If it weren't for them the houses wouldnt be available to rent in the first place.

Just one example of why thinking "all landlords are cunts" is just ignorance.
I prefer the neo pronoun PARASITE
Property hoarding cunt works for me.
I prefer the word thief or target #3
My tenants and I exchange holiday gifts. Am I doing this wrong? Are we supposed to be locked in class struggle?
Land Devil
Landwhores.
If you like a tent, you can always be free.
Another Reddit mistake that all landlords are parasites. Same as the “Dublin is a shithole” nonsense.
There's 173,000 private landlords in Ireland. Hardly all cunts?. 

Why is it their fault the state cant provide housing?.
Landnazi
Motherfucker is what I call them
Just spat out my coffee, thanks.
Such blatant landphobia on display. 

r/loveforlandlords
Rents are sky-high and THIS is our attitude towards landlords.

There are less than 1,000 rental properties available in the state, and people are advocating for less landlords.

We are screwed as a country, the next couple of years are going to be very difficult for anyone who’s not a homeowner.
Lambasted landbastard
Landturd 
RentEater 
Housefucker
I arguably wouldn't have liked this if my landlord hadn't tried to charge me  $2fucking5(!!!) for a copy of a lost laundry key
Landchads
Reported for landphobia
Fuck me, the thread got fairly flooded with right-wing Yanks for some reason.
Parasites
I just use leech or parasite.
I cry laughed at this
🤣
Had me for a second there, you earned that like ❤️
"rentier"
Landcunt seems inclusive?
The landphobia on this subreddit is something else
Ah c'mon, what about their earnings? Sure one person's rent is another persons living!
Won't someone think of the poor landlords? It's like the rabble need any of their wages anyway!   /s
🚨🚨🚨 LANDPHOBIA ALERT!!! RENTOID BEHAVIOR DETECTED! 🚨🚨🚨
I agree, but these sort of titles are everywhere, i just default to them for any gender and try my best to mix it up so everyone is butthurt equally. 

To me it is a title first, and the gender part of it isn’t relevant, so i use lady for men and lord for women most of the time. Not that i use this title daily, but as it comes up. 
I understand that being misgendered can be frustrating to you, whoever you are and however you identify. I do try to get it right in cases where i believe it matters, but antiquated titles for people who own shit and do little for their income? Nah. They get my pettiness in full. 

I am happy with progress for LGBTQ+ and i fully support their struggle. No but, i just support it.
I prefer landcunt myself
Land cunt
Landlorde.    Now it’s just one person.   Fixed it
Landhoard
Landcunt is the way
Is lord specific to males? Doesn't matter wither way but I don't think it even is if it did matter.
ALTERNATIVELY... 
LAND I bought something with my own money and decided to do with it what I want with it LORD
“Parasite” has always been an option.
I prefer slumlord millionaire
"Bastard" is also gendered!
Let's spend time on this because clearly the world is fucking bored
Way more respectable than earning your money by not paying your employees living wage, not letting them take bathroom breaks or own emerald mines in Africa run on child labor
rentoid pride
I think Irish people stop bitching/making jokes and do something about this.

I still don’t see a big march or movement. Just complains.

Love

An expat
Just pay your rent scumbag.
Just call them Bar-keep XD
Landowner
If you feel that way, move
Please keep that same energy when you go to eat lunch at a fast food chain while gulping your 3 dollar water
Yeah man, everything must be free.
If you don’t like them *don’t do business with them.*  Just boycott them.  Otherwise, you are giving them money!
Since when is "lord" a gendered word? Both males and females are called "landlords".
You can send landlords broke by refusing to live in their properties. Simple. What are you complaining about?
Or landpeople
Lol you commies are such little pussies.
Now the next shot should be just a Subaru doing it effortlessly.
[removed]
we're assuming this girl has any sort of financial aptitude and isn't going to spend it all on hookers and blow. no judgement if she does, just gotta keep that in mind.
She was born in 2003, in case anybody wanted to feel broke and ancient
Why do people hate landlords?
grasping predatory lazy workshy arseholes
Lol
I prefer landchad
"are you ready for a story from last night?"

[deleted]
To all you people here from r/all, this is obviously not a true representation of Irish culture, we're far more sophisticated than this...

Normally there'd be at least a bodhrán aswell.
That's a great Aran jumper to be fair.


That is certainly a quare story alright. I wouldn't have believed it either if not for the somewhat disturbing photo. 
Shit, we're on /r/all. Act normal.
Next up on Joe.ie in 3...2...1...
I find the term ''bogger'' offensive- We prefer ''Members of the bog community''.
This seems to be common. A while back on a night out some lad gave me a bodhrán randomly and I played it in Supermacs toilets and got people dancing.

Didn't get a picture but I still have [the bodhrán](http://i.imgur.com/KW1uThS.jpg). 
Never thought I'd see the day that /r/ireland was so high up on /r/all 
I'd like to think there was an African toilet guy by the sinks, wondering what the fuck new drugs the paddy kids were taking.
Taking yokes and playing folk.

Was it for this...?
How did we get so much karma lads
It's time to knock /r/sweden off the front page. 

[All aboard](http://i.imgur.com/HWkXZLN.gif)
I used to go to The Workmans a lot, and later on worked there for a while.

It's definitely one of the better clubs in Dublin, but by god would you get some of the strangest characters there.
retire the subreddit.
You can see the funniest stuff in toilets on a night out. 

Ages ago I was in Supermacs in Galway in the jacks and all the urinals are full. Some fella walls in and starts to piss into what he thought was one, but it was an automatic sink, which was activated by his cock. 

As he stood there peeing, his cock would have got soaped, rinsed, and then the *whiiirr* of the hand dryer kicking in. 
We truly live in the best country on Earth.
[deleted]
Bringing a tin whistle on a night out is actually a great idea
took me a very long time to spot the willies. 

Also this is a strong contender for some kind of pics or it didn;t happen award.
I'm the musican from the photograph

I would just like to clarify that I went for a piss while I was having one of the funniest pisses of my life, the two lads started chanting Ankle Drop at me. I zipped up my slacks, wash my hands, and said I would take out my detachable one. So I took out the Feadóg Stáin,  the ones in the photo aren't a cheap instrument. Then I went into the Bog Down in the Valley O, as I wanted to stop this obscene chanting, while playing this melody, the lad informs the he was able to play the Whistle, I went into my bag of trick and produced a Low D Whistle for myself gave him the Tin Whistle and the rest is history.
In case this takes off and needs to be explained to non-Irish people coming from the front page...

Uhhh... I can't explain this.
That's completely unbelievable!

I'm pinching myself to make sure I'm not dreaming.

No way, Jose. Not a chance. Inconceivable.

Of course The Bog Down in the Valley-o is in the bloody key of G.
You Irish are crazy. I was taking a leak in a bar in Vancouver humming raglan road when an Irish guy pops his head out of the cubby and says in a thick accent 'oi've never heard an Indian sing luke kelly before.' so we became friends, drank all over town and I never saw him again. Charlie dignan... Here's to you. 
With a bit of luck, his life was ruined forever. Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars, men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know.

So that's what a bike looks like 
Based on the attire, I'd go with the key of D.
Joe.ie will be onto this soon. Their mammys won't be too happy with them when they see it on the Facebook 
great story
Best thing I've seen all week
[As an American](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Xuu0PpWFStE/Ve6sG1Iaw8I/AAAAAAAATxA/FAWMGQf8xfI/s1600/man-laughing-background.gif)
Take fucking that /r/sweden
[American here](https://giant.gfycat.com/UnitedImpureAlaskajingle.gif)...
As rare as they are, when fucking mental moments like these occur its usually while going to the jax. I shall retire to the pub to investigate
sings.. 

with a bogger in a bathroom, 
his pants around his ankles, 
with his dick in his hand, 
in a pub in the town, 
in a bog down in the valleyyyy - oooooo.
http://i.imgur.com/Z7bbYv0.gifv
Irish restrooms, man. I was in dublin last year and saw an old guy just staring down the dude next to him, while pissing (Face of a killer). The other dude (young burly guy) looked back at him and said, 'THE FECK YA LOOKIN AT'!?. Being from a big US city, I was expecting some idiotic violence and started to feel uncomfortable for what might come. Instead, the murderous stare guy let out a huge long fart. They both laughed and shook hands while their dicks are still out in the trough. I love that country. 
Pretty sure the two lads are from trad act Skipper's Alley who were playing the the Button Factory last night.

Also they are not boggers, all Jackeens afaik.

Edit: Hmmm, on second thoughts, they might not be from the band but they were definitely at the Trad Rising gig. It was a fine night of music tbf.
I have partied with many an Irish in china. I don't doubt a single word of any part of this story 
I need to go to ireland
There's always great craic to be had in the bathroom of a nightclub. This is probably just the remaining alcohol in my system from last night talking, but taking your lad out and pissing up against a wall is a great equaliser and like a step up from a handshake.

It's like 'Hey you're taking a piss at the same time as me! We should probably be best friends!'
I was looking at this picture in low light and thought that the guy on the right had a huuuuuge lad. Liked down past the knees. But its just the wall behind.

I felt really insecure about myself until I put the brightness on my phone up to the max.
I've been out in Dublin and seen enough crazy shit, I believed you 100% and then that pic at the end speaks a thousand words - proud that this is the #1 top post of /r/ireland 


If the bouncer walked in on this he would have to say "please put away your flutes lads... and your flutes" 
Well I have to subscribe to this sub now.
So there IS someone who knows how to draw a bicycle.
The timeless, elegant, versatile Aran sweater.
Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/q9sQfdq.png

---

[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)
American here.  Last week I booked a trip to Ireland not knowing what to expect.  This has made me happy with my purchase.  
If I was in the Workmans and went to the toilet and saw this I probably wouldn't blink twice.
This is fuckin outstanding!! 
holy fuck thats funny

Oh, row, the rattlin' bog, the bog down in the valley ohhh~~
I knew what pants meant
The only thing better than this story is the fact everyone was okay with a picture being taken.
These are my people.
Is Ireland trying to give Japan a run for their money in crazy weird shit ?
/r/anormaldayinireland
Today, I am proud of Ireland.
Typical Workmans

https://giant.gfycat.com/UnitedImpureAlaskajingle.gif
Great story.  

Where can I get the bicycle t-shirt?
 
I really need to go to Ireland. 
As soon as i read "I walked into the jacks", i instantly knew, that's gotta be Dublin.
And wearing a shirt with a bike so he knows how to draw it when some artsy fucker comes round wantin people to draw bikes!!
I bet he feels like such a dork for not dropping his pants now that this hit r/all
God, smartphones, what a time to be alive. 
Talk about an irish story. The picture tops it.
That's a great story. I really hope it's true and I'm jealous that it's not mine! 
Shit. I know that guy. Play music with him. Dicks in though. Will slag him tonight. 
'Hon the lads!!
# *"the whistling dixies"*
I thought "Lashing into the bog in the valley" when he had his trousers down meant something else at first.
Who took this picture? Did he just ask some random guy walking in to take a quick pic of them or is it a clever mirror selfie.
True Irish carry tin flutes and know how to lash them in any fucking situation !!!!!
Wow, the fastest I've ever seen anything upvoted in this sub. And rightfully so. 
I thought i was in /r/thatHappened .. Imagine my shock.
that should be our national anthem
I vote D.
I mean.. This is fuckin' hilarious, but some poor fiend has now unknowingly got his knob seen by thousands. 
As someone from Newfoundland (Canada's Little Ireland) I'm so glad I understood 99% of that.
I think this might be the most "only in Ireland" post I've ever seen 
[Ramsay Snow!](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/309WhUEleBk/hqdefault.jpg)
That is not a flute. It's a low whistle. Jaysus call yerselves irish...
Camera work is exceptional, lighting especially ha! 
this is pretty much the most disturbing and awkward post I've seen for a while.

more of that, please :^)
This has only intensified my desire to study abroad in Ireland. Dunno how I'll master the fuckin slang though
American here. Can I safely assume that this is an accurate and common portrait of the Irish populace? Thanks in advance.

Love,  
America
Sweden gets front page for shitting on Trump.

Ireland gets front page for whistles and flutes.
Pics or it didn't... oh it did.
This is god-tier shtuff lads.
Was this in that odd bathroom upstairs? 
The guy on the right is p-cute
trip to ireland now on the bucket list
I still don't believe it.
I'm not quite sure what I read, but I also wouldn't have believed it.  Nice.
I want to live in Ireland. 
Only in the jacks will you find this type of craic
hahahaha
Beautifully lit. 
Incredible
Well, at least we know someone knows how to draw a bike.
And now everyone remembers how to draw a bike too! Thanks OP!
Gotta love the Workmans!
Oh its Steve
Of course it was in workmans, that place is....strange
It'll be a travesty if this doesn't become the highest rated post of all time.
Fantastic story! 

This'll be on /r/bestof/ in no time...
This is what Reddit is all about. 
See you on my facebook feed in a week so
This is quite the tale.
I can't wait to read about it next week on Joe.ie.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/bestof] [A short story about playing the flute in the bathroom \[nsfw\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/4f24vm/a_short_story_about_playing_the_flute_in_the/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
So this is what I have to look forward to when I visit Ireland in August? Awesome. I'll be sure to bring my cowbell.
What a disgusting, racist comment from Justin Barretts wife.

Second wife. Mr Catholic antidivorce himself.
What the actual fuck is wrong with her
Wow. 

What the fuck was she thinking?

Edit: just checked and she didn't even delete it, it's still there. Double wow.
What a miserable cunt
I'm truely horrified.

Someone actually married Justin Barret ??
Jesus what a racist dose of bitch she is.
Her husband is a far right leader, and publicity of any form gives him the oxygen he needs to reach more people.

Please resist the temptation to share racist comments like this. They're horrible little people, but they're only a tiny minority of Irish people
Here is Hazel's [response.](https://i.imgur.com/FUldJxC.jpg)

(FyI Hazel's mum does own a take away)
Holy fuck. I’ve never even heard of her but what a cunt.
Oh dear jesus, what a horrible person.
Obviously this tweet is disgusting and racist, but what I can't get over is the fact that she tweeted it out publicly. Like, of course a member of the NP is racist by default but does she think this kind of outwardly ignorant behaviour will give her any kind of political legitimacy or is she too stupid or too far in her own echo chamber to realise? Bang of Trump off of this social media strategy.
Holy fuck. She must have been a few bottles of wine deep when she came out with that one.
Obviously a racist prick, but who is this woman/her husband?
Racism at it's finest
I look forward to her tweets against James Connolly, Sir Roger Casement, Jim Larkin and all those other bloody foreigners

/s, obviously
What a fucking tool.
Don't know who the fuck she is but she's on the list now
Disgusting
Hazel Chu got more votes on the first count last year than the National Party got in February. The National Party are the greatest joke to come out of Ireland since the Paddy Irishman joke, Nazi Punks Fuck Off.
* Unprovoked attack on someone's ethnicity that has NOTHING to do with context on tweet?
* Cite questionably authentic examples of said ethnicity in negative light?
* Include dogwhistle zinger to pat yourself on the back?
* Do all of this to a politician who was born in the same country as you?

What a fucking coward.
Squash these beliefs in your country fast and firmly...   Do not try to "play nice" with their hatred... Do not let them spin their hatred as simply a "different political belief". 

If you don't stomp it out early and completely, it only continues to grow like an awful fungus.

Sincerely, a US citizen.
What a vile cunt.
I would hope the powers that be in Dept of Education are made aware of this and she is never allowed back into a class room.
Wow..just wow
Holy fuckin shit, this is absolutely horrendous.

What in the holy mother of fuck is wrong with these disgusting racist bastards?
Why am I not surprised. Fascist being racist. Worthless bitch.
The far-right are obsessed with Hazel Chu. Justin Barrett called for her to be deported despite the fact that she's an Irish citizen, born here and has lived here all her life.
Racist prick.
If you're on twitter, make sure to report it for hateful comments against a race (vaguely their wording)


Edit: I've done it already, I didn't mean to be pawning it off just that more reports is better
Who is this woman? Time to hit the Rutland centre!
Ahh yes, the wife of the man who has openly said he'd change laws to deport Hazel Chu if he had the chance, despite her being born in Dublin
I think the worst part is how unprovoked that was.
Pretty fair to say that Rebecca Barrett is a cunt.
🤮🤮🤮

Horrible bitch
I live under a rock, who is Rebecca Barrett?
Disgusting comment. Question for redditors - is it better to call this shit out or to ignore it? Which approach ultimately leads to a better outcome?
I hear you're a racist now Father
What is it with the human race thinking their own ignorance is funny to other people? I could laugh at her but it just makes me so sad.
That's hilarious in just how fucking stupid it is. like its the joke an 11 year old would come up to impress the lads
While Ms. Chu is working on that order, perhaps Ms. Barrett can fetch me a Guinness while dancing Riverdance, singing "Hi-Diddly-Dee" and juggling some potatoes for me.

Edit: Diddly
Why would you even think to write that... She's just gross.
Pure scum, there's a horrible streak of racists in Ireland that are getting more visibility with the rise of the likes of Gemma and the Nationalist party. It's thankfully not very popular but it is disappointing seeing the likes of it get any traction.
I didn't know who Justin Barrett was until I saw this post and googled him. Now that I know who he is this isn't at all surprising. Racist scum will marry other racist scum.
I don't use the term stupid bitch lightly....but.....stupid bitch
Who would have imagined the wife of a racist cunt would also be a racist cunt? 

The odds on it must be astronomical
twitter deleted her tweet
What an absolute c*nt
Hazel clapped back!

https://twitter.com/hazechu/status/1323982866167013377?s=19
Just checked - she blocked me for " babes why did you delete your racist tweet?? "
Colour me shocked.
FFS
Ah look, this is getting out of hand now.
She’s a primary school teacher. I’m going to need a while to let this sink in.
Now that Gemma O Doherty has gone quiet who will take her place as the Racist bitch in the Irish eye   


Rebecca Barrett: Hold my tiki torch I've work to do
What an ugly fucking mutant
Can't believe this cunt is allowed to teach children.
Dumb fuck
What an utter scumbag
That is just so needless, who's the wagon? Probably a good thing I don't know who Justin Barrett is
What a disgrace
Jesus tap dancing christ. Absolutely no need for that, no prompt, no previous engagement and no excuse for being a shitty human being.
Jesus Christ. 

I hope Rebecca Barrett isn't going to be too upset when Justin Barrett dumps her for an even younger girl/woman.
Ah yes, Irish chauvinism. Big cringe moment when American political attitudes subconsciously bleed into these people's minds. We are a former oppressed colony not an imperialist empire.
...Isn't she a teacher?
So it’s not just America, cool cool cool cool.
An ignorant sow, pathetic & disgusting.

She must lead a very sad unfulfilled life to unnecessarily attack people like that.
Without being familiar with anyone involved I was expecting the first tweet to be the problematic one. Man, was I surprised.
I'd just play along with it and say "you do realise Twitter isn't a food delivery service?", and the let the exchange flow from there.
the absolute gall with which these ireland first cunts spout their vitriol never ceases to amaze/sicken me.
Outrageously racist. Like 70s sitcom racist. Like 1942 war propaganda film racist.
She is a teacher in Limerick. Yikes, poor kids.
[Whoops.](https://i.imgur.com/aY36QWM.jpg)
She's a real coward like all racists.

She published a video about DM's she was receiving because of her racist tweet, pretending she didn't know why. Then people reminded her by posting screnshots of the tweet from this post, because she actually deleted it claiming that Twitter removed it while it said clearly "Deleted by the tweet author".

Now she's trying to do message control by blocking people who were criticising her.
I swear the Nationalist Party aren't even trying to hide that they're a wannabe Nazi Party, the initials even match up. Which begs the question, who wants to go out and get some Nazi Scalps?
Nice easy arrest there for the Guards
Does it surprise us that she is an advocate of Trump aswell?
Hazel claps back like a champ though every time! Fair play to her 🙌🏻
They (Justin/Rebecca) might technically think of themselves as Irish - but to 99% of Irish people they are persona-non-grata, and can fuck off to whatever racist shithole will accept them.

They have a net-negative contribution to Irish culture and society. Every person, of every nationality/origin, has contributed more to Ireland merely by existing and paying taxes in the country (directly and indirectly through purchases), and has more of a valid claim to Irishness as a result, than these two could ever hope to achieve.
Jesus, the head on someone to think thats worth posting.
Completely awful comment with no provocation from Chu.

Disgraceful carry on from anyone, nevermind someone who is also in politics
Eh? I thought they had broke up a few years ago.  He married a different woman. You have a link for this post OP?
Jaysus.
On instagram she has a post about mugabe being appointed to WHO in May/June asking her followers what they think. Not worth it but my reply would “I wouldn’t worry about it as he died in 2019 😂😂😂”
Is anyone really surprised though? This is the height of their 'humour'
What the actual fuck?!
Holy shit
Is this legit???
That's genuinely mental. What is she at!
Am I wrong or is she a Teacher, I know one of them is married to one.
Yikes.
Disgraceful. I know the general consensus has been to ignore this kind of carry on to date to avoid legitimising this kind of thing, but it's already starting to spread so I think it's high time people start thoroughly pushing back on and refuting their nonsense more actively, rather than just hoping it'll go away by itself
Wow
wow that’s racist
With all of the sensitivity to racism out there now days this woman thought it was okay to post some bull like this? And her husband's an MP? How can people this stupid 🙄
She wears a Trump red hat. No surprise she's racist.
Wooooooow
Wow what a horrible gee bag.
Right wing lunatics are appearing to come out of their burrows. They all need to be excommunicated
[I like to whip out this favorite GIF of mine for these precise situations](https://gfycat.com/dishonestfatalermine)
First read, I thought they were neighbors and Rebecca was inviting Hazel over to eat. Complete opposite. What a shit thing to say.
This woman is a teacher in charge of shaping young minds ? 

Wow that's fucked .
This is like... wildly overt racism... what the fuck?
HOLY SHIT.

Good to know America doesn't own the rights to overt, naked racism
I'm confused, are they friends? Is she a racist coworker who pushes herself into every conversation? I'm so done with this racism is okay bs. Gross.
This is breathtaking. Unbelievably racist
If they’re friends then it’s funny in a dark sense. If they’re random peeps then it’s racist as shit
Dude what the fuck is wrong with people?
Yeah, that's really gross
Who’s is this woman, she’s so rude. Think people get fired for saying stuff like that
Scummy little racist
With OTT things like this, I'm often not sure whether the racism is genuine and aimed at the addressed, or whether the tasteless joke is actually aimed at racism, to ridicule racists and parody racism in a really, really over-the-top way. 

However, given who this is coming from, even Poe's Law doesn't apply anymore in this case. 

It's just so incredibly blatant, you'd think it was a drunk parody of racism if it came from any regulation-size tweets-for-brains. 

But no, it's coming from Becky with the caint san aer.
These people always try to sanitise their image of not being racist. Then the mask begins to slip and they're revealed for the vile racist cunts that they are.
Rebecca needs a wok in the face for saying that.
Holy crap, I read it without reading the title and was like wtf
.....  It's times like this that I wish it were possible to ban people from the Internet for simple failure to behave in a manner befitting a member of the human race.  Yes, I know that pettiness and ugliness is a side of humanity.  But it's not the side we wish to promote.  After all, it is entirely possible to have a dissenting opinion without being ugly about it.
Fuck this utter cunt and her short arsed bollix of a husband.
She must be one frustrated, miserable bitch if Justin Barrett's mickey is as small as the rest of him.
[deleted]
What a fucking cunt. May the road rise up to meet her and swallow her whole.
I've had it with trash people.  It's time to counter their cruelty with some of our own.
What can you expect from the wife of a national party member though realistically
That is disgusting
[deleted]
[deleted]
Such a disgusting comment, blatant racism for a bit of attention.
Normalising racism, that's their goal.  A big chunk of those in the NP had YT / Bitchute channels where they "discussed" things like if people like Paul McGrath or Phil Lynott are Irish because they have "African blood in their veins".
What sort of carry on is that?! Im no fan of mainland Chinas policies but that is far away from Hazel Chu's daily activities and repertoire. Those comments are demeaning, racist and frankly done in a very ignorant way of any culture. Its awful.
Its not even funny though like if you're gonna be racist put some effort in
Would in no way consider myself politically knowledgeable but i'd never heard of Justin and his silly wife. What a ridiculous comment for any adult to make, regardless of their warped views. Good one Rebecca! You really showed them! 😂
What goes through someone's head to tweet that? It wasn't even directed at her so why did she feel the need to reply?
Rebecca and Justin with a combined IQ of zero.
The shame of Rebecca Barrett being Irish.
I just got banned from Twitter for a week for calling Justin Barrett and his wife disgusting cunts within seconds of sending the tweet. If it's automatically done I'd kinda understand but honestly, 3 seconds after sending it I was banned. So if it's not a bot, either the Barretts or their fans are very trigger happy with the report button..
Number Two wife is right 💩
What an asshole
The fuck? That is so fucking racist!
Who is Hazel Chu?
As an Asian living in Ireland even with Irish citizenship, this hurts :(
Welcome to 2020. Where the garbage is bound and determined to take its own self out on social media. 😐😑😐😑😐😞😣😖
Words fail me. Just, what was even her point ? Why go out of your way and do this out of the blue ? It's gratuitously vile.
Wife of racist is racist. Shock horror. Barrett and apparently his wife are scum
Wow, that's super fucking racist, and then it gets ultra super duper mega racist.
Wow what a racist piece of shit.
Who?
I hope she chokes on sour chicken! 😡
A couple of bottles of red me thinks
Jaysus.
What a twat, lay off the sauce and keep your mouth shut, Becky
What a geebag , and I hate that word.
Horrible
She looks like her husband...
She is retweeting Jim Corr, her husband interviewed by GoD last year. I wouldn’t worry too much about her as they are not normal people.
Don't worry, I'll substitute the bat for the content of my lungs, Rebecca.
I almost feel respect for this level of transparency. People like them always show us who they really are without any prompt. It makes our lives easier in a way.
Racist wh\*re
I 100% agree, horrible racist woman that should be thrown off twitter but does calling it on here really help? Like I just learnt who Justin Barrett is and I really could've lived my life not know that.
"yOu oNLy cAlL mE rAcISt BeCAusE i dOnT aGRee wIth yoU!"
The fucked part is that I automatically assumed this was in the US and was not surprised. Then I noticed the subreddit and was mildly surprised.
How does one respond to this calling them out without name calling?
oh god, it’s the most painful kind of racism. The kind that you can tell the person saying it doesn’t realize that what they said was really bad because they grew up when saying that shit was ok. Still a cunt for saying it though
Holy sheeet
That’s horrifying.
Holy shit! She probably thought that was funny as hell
I presume her Twitter account has been suspended?
Disgusting
Woah... thats racist as fuck...  and i live in the US.

Edit: typing is hard
Wow. It’s unreal to me that anyone would publicly state something so blatantly racist.
For a comment like this she should be made work in a takeaway among Chinese people for a week scrubbing dishes and apologizing for being a disgusting prat. 

But Maybe that's too good for her.
Both Justin and his second wife (amazing catholic he is) are massive cunts tbf so this doesn’t surprise me at all. Btw I ain’t a catholic myself I just adore the fact he calls himself a catholic yet he’s been divorced and he’s a massive racist so fuck love your neighbour and all that I guess
I don't even know who she is but that is one big Cunt with a capital C there. Fuck that lady.
What a stupid prick, wonder if she's hiding covid money to. Maybe that's got her head lit. Print her ugly face off and hang it in every take away in the land. No entry for racist pudding shaped woman
16 K views and many a nod of agreement but we all know half of you think white privilege isn't a thing and at least 2/3rds view systemic racism as a thing that only happens in other countries. You virtue signalling fucks.
Ah yeah go head condemn racismy online but if it were a mate of yours in real life I know from experience the lot of you would say nothing. 

Jesus.
Who are any of these people
Potato eating cunts.
Haha love that episode 😂
Cry baby cry make your mother sigh!!
I am refusing to believe it is true because it’s so terrible
Who is this woman ?
The demographics *won't* look after themselves.

With effective birth control, the choice is firmly in our own hands (no accidents so far),but that makes it feel like an *impossible* choice that simply doesn't make logical sense.  
I get that some people feel baby-mad, but plenty of us stay fairly indifferent and it really doesn't make sense.   
Out in the sticks where I grew up most people had a parent at home or part-time.   
As an adult, I have no idea how people commute 1 hour, work 9-6 pm like me and my partner do and somehow have a child that is being cared for. Does our day now factor in shuffles to and form child minders that cost one of our paychecks? What about with schools where junior infants often start finish at 2pm? Are we paying another person to pick them up from school?   


There basically no framework on how you go from the 'young professional couple' every Dublin landlord expects to rent to, to the 'Young family' with school aged kids. The only obvious solution is one parent (nearly always Mum) giving up on their career while the other has all the pressure of supporting the whole family. If you don't make enough to either quit working, or pay for child care your kind of screwed,
Myself and the girlfriend from Estonia agree that if we were to start a family, we'd be better off moving to Estonia.

They're a much "poorer" country by meaningless GDP metrics, and low salaries, but they still manage to have proper childcare, early education, maternity benefit, free schoolbooks, free college up to postgrad. And her friend who works as a cleaner has her own apartment. The quality of life is massively better in many of the "poor eastern european" countries.

I've some 2nd generation Polish friends who have been saying they're considering moving to Poland for the same reasons.
2007: Bought apartment. Yeeeeeessss, I'm on The Ladder. #SafeAsHouses

2008: Fuuuuuuck. What have I done? Negative equity?? Eeeeek. "Get on the ladder", they said...

2020: \[stays very quiet. Nod and smile when people talk about crazy rents.\]
If I were suddenly landed with a kid the only way I'd be able to feed and clothe it would be by cooking other children and giving my kid their clothes. 

Ireland is unaffordable. I don't know what they're complaining about as they're the ones behind it.
In my current rental they want dinkies. Our rental contract is only ever a year long, and we sign 1 year extensions subject to an inspection by the landlady.

In one such inspection, while chatting about the terms of the contract, it says no pets. Pretty standard. She says "No pets, no kids... you know, nothing that can make a mess! Ha ha!"
In other inspections she has her two children following around behind her.

Inspections, and not being 'allowed' to have certain parts of life like pets or kids, and not allowed to make renovations even when things are a constant inconvenience that come with old houses. It's not a home, it's somewhere to keep my stuff and pay her mortgage. I get it from her perspective, but that doesn't stop you from feeling a bit subhuman at times. The way she said that sentence so off-hand sticks with me, and the way she laughed.
[deleted]
I'm from Germany originally and am shocked about the childcare prices here, it's mental. Also no real paternity leave. Friends of mine in Germany shared the parental leave. She took the first 6 months, he took the next 6+ months. Childcare in Berlin is paid by the gov, health insurance is great and such, and everything around.

It is still a blocker though for women in jobs, because "what if your child gets sick" or stuff.

Car insurance is equally off the charts here in Ireland. And the general costs of everything if you don't buy lidl own brand or such.

Additionally well... Look at the world. If we continue to ignore climate change, kids born today will definitely pay the price.
Swede here, moved to Ireland (Dublin) in 2012, planned to stay for a year while missus was finishing up college (she is irish) and then move back to Sweden. One year is now 9, love the people, the culture, the history the country.. but fuck me (excuse my french) started at minimum wage (warehouse operative, not tech or customer support like 95% of swedes) worked hard, overtime, every single Saturday, now become an operations/office manager with a decent wage but still can't afford to buy a place here. 

We are planing on moving back next year, got enough cash to buy a 3 bed apartment at this stage or a deposit for a new build (including land etc)
Im 28 and my father always bitched and moaned about how expensive we were. He still loves me and my sister, but that is forever ingrained in my head and probably why I'll never have kids. Baby = Money/Time
Also- *gestures wildly at climate change crisis*
Only option is to move rural. I moved 1.5 hours out of Dublin and got a 4 bed with an acre for less than 150k. Mortgage payments are less than 500 a month. Lovely neighbours, no crime. If I took a job in Tesco I'd still have more free cash than Dublin office managers wages minus Dublin rent.
It's sad that people fall for these divide-and-rule narratives - and fail to see that gains from GDP/productivity growth trump ALL demographic changes - and that the problem is the _distribution_ of those gains.

The real story here is: If we keep allowing wealth inequality to worsen as a percentage of GDP, we're all going to be worse off.

"No shit..." you say. Well then: Stop falling for divide-and-rule narratives which ignore this fact - and which get you arguing in favour of policies which worsen wealth inequality.

It's not a pensions crisis, it's a wealth distribution crisis. The solutions the finance industry want you to take to resolve the fake 'pensions crisis', will WORSEN wealth inequality.

Likewise the housing crisis: The finance industry want you to take measures that worsen wealth inequality: Remove lending restrictions, remove regulations, remove planning restrictions (enriching developers and finance while keeping houses/rents sky high). They also get you arguing against policies which reduce wealth inequality: GOVERNMENT BUILDING OF HOUSES...(which can even be done on a for-profit basis for the government, providing affordable homes for the public, and employing the unemployed to do it)

People just don't look at the big picture, that the public are losing a greater and greater share of GDP over time, and that is where all these problems are coming from. People allow themselves to be convinced that the one entity capable of reversing this - the government - "can't find the money" to fix these problems, when money is more abundantly available for the government than it's EVER been...
I'm 37. Not a millennial and I'm exactly the same. Inc kids. If I want a decent house and enjoy life as much as possible I can't afford kids. Just wish some others realised they can't afford them instead of moaning about it after the fact.
I make 50k at 28 working in compliance,  it's good money and the prospects are good in the future. 

Its pretty eye opening when you see others on so little for probably way more work.
Has anyone considered that even if you have kids, a looming economic depression and increasing automation may mean there's not the jobs for them anyway? Takes about 25 years of state burden in terms of education, healthcare, child allowance etc. before they  really start paying tax (primary, secondary, college and these days, often an internship period) and even then are often still not net contribitors to the tax take. How much will your kids be able to add to my pension pot in real terms?

Our current economic models are all based on labour output and that may all be upended in the coming decades anyway. Many adults are already "underemployed" (where you technically have a job but you aren't really making a proper wage for where you ought to be, often due to reasons outside your control such as recessions or "gig work"). Human labour has already been devalued in real buying power terms so the system is fundamentally broken.

Really the main challenge I think will be to ensure wealth generated by automating work is not concentrated to a few individuals and is redistributed.

I'm not optimistic.
Another reason to not have kids...
This being said, I’m American & I live here and I have no intention of returning to America. You guys have it much better here.
Serious question, is government actually shocked? Are there some concerning reports from govt where they are like “omg we didn’t expect this, who will pay for our pensions and taxes and shit in 20 years?”

I think it’s clear that worldwide in developed countries the baby boom is not happening. EU fertility rate has been below 2 for years now, decades even. France is in the lead with 1.8, but most countries are around 1.4, which means within 1 generation we will drop local population by significant chunk.
Finally a meme that hasn't got anything to do with the British
DINK life yo!
I mean, I struggle to look after myself. Why would I want some fucking child stealling my things.
And we're the "lAzY aNd EnTiTlEd GeNeRaTiOn"
why won't u think of the gdp! this outdated statistic that has no actual meaning anymore is all that matters! also stocks!
I just got off the phone with my sister today talking about how rental management companies have been buying a ton of property in my area and they're basically trying to price everybody out. 

One of the major issues we have is that you're throwing away money that you could be investing into your own personal equity. We know this but the current market doesn't really give you a lot of freedom. In some areas there's entire blocks where every single home is owned by a property management company. Unfortunately a lot of people will just tell you to move. Realistically most people do not have an option to "just move".


*If you're divorced from your partner and share split custody where you live maybe limited.
*If you are a caretaker of an elderly or disabled person you may have to reside close to them or close to facilities
*If you live in a rural area or an area that has a competitive job market you may have to remain where you are to be close to your job
*if you are already renting then you do not have any property to sell to put towards the down payment of a new home .you may not be in a financial situation does not allow you to buy a house


Landlords don't often keep the houses in pristine condition. (At least not here in 'merica ) A lot of them will try and cut costs by cheaping out on repairs. And so not only are they monopolizing the rental market. They are also lowering the actual quality of the property by corner cutting on repairs

When people can afford to buy their homes after they're done paying off the mortgage, a lot of people will invest into their property by adding new windows and carpet etc. of course if you personally live somewhere you are more inclined to give a damn about leaks and creaks.
Investing into your own equity doesn't only benefit you but it can be the beginning of creating generational wealth within the family unit because now you have a property that has some value that you can use as collateral for loans or potentially let others inherit from you. Without property ownership the entire family unit suffers financially. One example of this from my country is redlining. 

Redlining was this a method where basically we would not sell property to black citizens outside of extremely small areas or even selling property that we knew had lead paint and asbestos. Redlining is one of the direct causes of ghettos. Not only that: ,people whose family were never able to own property statistically are more likely to live in poverty now. And statistically if you grew up within poverty the chances of you being able to own property in your lifetime decrease. This creates a vicious cycle and is a large reason behind the stereotype of minorities being poor. Unfortunately so many people associate being poor with being lazy or attribute to a personal fault without looking at the environment in which poverty is allowed to thrive. ;(
You don't want "A" Children anymore?  


Sorry, couldnt resist
Like how it is a meme about the government but the title is a play of a Mary Lou quote.
[deleted]
[removed]
Boy for sale 

Boy for sale
Why can't the millennials just get 100% mortgages to buy houses, like Leo did? Then they can have families. In a worst case scenario, they can use their parents' money as backup if the market crashes or whatever. It's not hard. They just need to do some work.
3 recessions actually. You're missing the dotcom cradh in the 90s. Granted most millennials were teenagers or kids when it happened but still during our lifetime.
It feels terrible to hear this from Irish. Im from Czech republic and we are poorer than you, yet situation is here very similar, just not as developed. It is more and more often seen how young czechs move further to west for money that they then use in Czech republic. I feel so angry everytime some stupid politic says that czechs do not want to work and that they need more eastern workers. Wages are not increasing and yet prices of rents are higher than ever. Czech republic is actually number one in ratio of how many pays you need to afford a flat.
Children of Men was an interesting movie
Do they mean that there's more people coming into the country before realizing all their money was swallowed by rent and they can't afford to leave?
Yes but what if someone accidentally got something good that they didn't deserve? Then nobody would ever work at all ever.
As it turns out, when you design society so that everyone tries to live off of everyone else, it turns into a lose-lose fest.
'The demographics will look after themselves'

Ah yes Mary Lou.

The young people shall fall to your whim and make more children for you. 

Meanwhile we'll forget about increasing the age for pensions despite the fact that people are living far longer with much better quality of life than when pensions were introduced over a hundred years ago.
This is why the pension age has to go up, or we need a mandatory one I introduced and potentially a two pension system where workers will have to fund current pensioners. We fucked
Infairness tho the recession that’s about to hit wasn’t exactly the government’s fault
If you want a good std of living in Ireland you’d want both people to be working and making a decent wage. These are the people that are happy with how things are
But the real problem is that investment in stocks are not really an option because of the exorbitant taxes.
This. 

As if I'd have a kid. I'm coming 27 in 2 weeks, no job due to corona, before I was working a dead end job and renting. Now I'm on dole living with my Mother in the back of beyond, middle of nowhere Donegal. Most people near me speak Irish as their first language, and I don't (Thanks Britian...). So even corner shop work is out for me.

A child rn. It would be a death sentance for both of us. No thanks.
We dont want to buy diamonds either or buy time shares
No wage, only spend.
"I don't want a children anymore"
Try 4 global recessions. 2 minor and 2 major.
50%? Lol try more like 70-75%
You ever see those Facebook ads, y'know the ones. 

"You won't believe this, but this small town in the middle of absolutely nowhere will pay you to move there in a brand new house, and get you a job nearby."

&#x200B;

I live for those ads
Feudalism
And with childcare being so costly - we’ve the highest cost in Europe
This is a stupid question but are millennials, the generation a only USA thing or is it a global term? 

Are there baby boomers across the world?
So millennials are fucked everywhere? Lovely.
Well then how will we make money of your exploitation mmmm
a children 

goverment
Y’all cry soo hard about not working your asses off it’s sad we all grew up together.
Only 50%?
you guys are only spending 50% of monthly income on rent?
Welcome to the future, it is bleak for all of us and soon the last war will begin so you got something to look foward to
1. We aren't bringing kids into this fucked up world, plus we can't afford it.

2. We will dissolve all churches because we don't give a FUCK about religion.

3. Good luck losing your minds old folks.
Um, wait... They only spend half their income on rent? Damn that sounds nice.
Literally drives me fucking nuts.  I barely got a job during quarantine, and half of what I made went to my dad for his “retirement” (he calls it rent but he just puts it into his savings to recoup all his COVID stock losses that we was planning to retire on). Meanwhile he constantly complains about how we can’t afford this house he bought 8 months ago, and my mom is badgering me to move out as if $500 a month is even close to enough to live solo.

Their brains can not comprehend that the life path of “move out, star a career, work until you can retire” is just not a realistic choice anymore.  

Like I’m fucking 21 years old and we’re in the middle of a once in a lifetime pandemic and they tell me I’m just not “trying hard enough”, not to mention their refusal to acknowledge the intense social change happening right now as, “just one of those annoying things we have to deal with”

Makes me wanna fucking off myself dude, I just want out of this fucking place.
Easy solution. Give Irish Americans automatic citizenship. They will come back in droves
I don't know of the specific case in Ireland but isn't the issue that it's higher earners and those focussed on their careers that are no longer having children, while those on lower incomes with less assets are continuing to have children at a steady rate?
I dunno what I'm doing right but I'm 32, have more than enough for a deposit while my girlfriend and I earn average wages. New car, foreign holidays blah blah. All my friends are buying houses and having kids in their early 30s. I'm not boasting, I'm just wondering how my peers on the internet are pissing away their money or is this just moaning for the sake of moaning?
I could have all the money in the world and I still wouldn't want children. 

Yes the economics of it is a massive factor in why many people aren't having them, but I think society has shifted in a way that people are more opening to straying from the beaten path and not doing what is expected of them.
Been living in Vancouver the past 6 years. It’s expensive here too but fuck me the quality of life is breathtaking here.

It pains me to say it but I now view Canada as my home. Living in a country that has a government that you feel takes care of the people is something everyone should experience.
I'm looking for a house at the moment in north-east Dublin. Despite all the talk of rocketing house prices, I was surprised to see decent three-bed houses with gardens available for €250 - 300k, and two-bed apartments for €150k. 

For example, with a lick of paint this would be a reasonable home for a young couple - https://www.myhome.ie/residential/brochure/43-glin-grove-coolock-dublin-17/4446625

Of course the same house would be double that in a different part of the city, but those would be bought by people on high incomes or older people with existing houses. My parents started off in a small house, then upgraded over time as their salaries increased.

My point is that there are reasonable affordable houses in Dublin for first-time buyers.
Having to potentially bring a crying child on a plane has convinced me not to have one
My parents are millennials, facing into their third recession and we're probably lucky to not lose their house through at least 1 of them.

People have previously had it really, really bad. This is not new
I completely missed that this was about Ireland. Sucks how this applies to the US as well.
So the phrase “do you know where your children are at” falls as flat as a fish in light of all this. 😂😂😂
Wait, this is happening in Ireland too? Thought it was u.s.a that was shite
It’s almost like recessions happen every seven to ten years on average.
When you realize kids cost at least $250k until they're 18, the question I always asked myself was "Couldn't I spend that money on more enjoyable things than children?"

The answer has always been yes, yes, yes.
When the term affordable housing gets used i think 100 k. People are better citizens when they are paying a mortgage instead of renting
The world is overcrowded with people. It's for the bettet
I don’t want ‘a children’ anymore?! Lol, should that not be ‘I don’t want a child’ or ‘I don’t want children’? Facepalm
50% isnt bad.  Ill take that all day
As a gen z i should get a medal to live through two recession before being able to get a job
The future looks so appealing
Antinatalists stand up
My gf doesn’t wanna have kids. I want at least one. But honestly I really don’t fucjing know how the fuck were supposed to do that when an apartment costs $1200 on a good month
Gen x Is a thing too lol.
Applies to most countries, unfortunately.
i’m pro-natalism tho like the population was 7 million before the potato famine and it’s 4 million now :/
a children?
r/childfree
Wait, this doesn't just happen in America?
A friend of mine recently pointed out a huge generational difference in transfer of property upon death.  

A lot of those born in the Silent Generation passed on homes to their children (Boomers) who then sold the home or moved into it, which either way helped families financially.  Some Boomers that had homes paid off even passed them on to Gen X kids.  

A substantial portion of Millenials and Gen Z kids won't have that privilege.  It's not uncommon anymore for families to refi, take out a second on their home, and even 20-25 years in on a mortage be nowhere close to having their home paid off.
Hmmm not just an American problem.
Love this

Doesn't have to be fashion. I know a lad walking down the quay in town with his new camera around his neck and they called him Peter Parker. 

No idea why but it was hilarious.
I was sitting in a quiet pub once and an aul lad came in wearing an unremarkable baseball cap.  The woman behind the bar greeted him with "well mick, is it a yank ye are?"
My brother wore a nice coat once and a fella outside a pub kept saying 'fair play to ye, I couldn't do that, good man'

It wasn't fancy, it was just a beige winter coat
I have shoulder length curly hair and a short beard, I bought a tan linen jumpsuit and took about one minute and thirty-eight seconds before someone on clanbrassil st said AHH IT'S FOCKIN JAYZIS
I wore a slightly furry black hat in Belfast and someone sang shakira’s She Wolf at me
Wore a waistcoat to work about 10 years ago, got called Busboy & Manuel before I’d reached my seat.
I was wearing a black dress and knee high boots on my way to a club in Dublin and some dude shouted after me "What are ye, some kind of voodoo hippy witch?" I exploded laughing and am still laughing to this day.
"Will ye look at yer one, *trying.*"
Wore a turtle neck at christmas once, got called Steve Jobs the whole night by the lads.

Fair enough.
[deleted]
See every thread on this sub giving out about skinny jeans
[deleted]
Jesus I'm glad I'm gay, when lads on the street say I'm gay for wearing something different it's just factual.
I would have immediately broke out into the worst rendition of Raspberry Beret by Prince you have ever heard
I wore a black shirtdress I bought in Vancouver to work one day, feeling so smart, and my coworker asked me if I was going to a funeral 🙃
I knew a girl who did similar. To this day we call her Super Mary-O. Her name is Aoife.
Run around in a full chicken costume and nobody will give you a second look but wear your shirt neatly tucked in and you'll be targeted for quite the ribbing.
I once wore a t-shirt from Uniqlo to work with Mickey mouse on it and it said "mickey art". Never wearing that one again.
Wore a pair of white keds shoes 15 years ago and was called gay so many times I started to think maybe I was
Don’t even need to be fashionable. On a casual day, I’d have a grey hoody, white t shirt, jeans and black shoes, but because I have long hair I can’t even walk as far as the local shop without lads beeping their horns as they drive by, groups of young lads shouting abuse across the road and god knows what else. 

Unless you look like every other sap in the country, prepare to be slagged haha
This is the greatest downfall of Ireland’s slagging culture. It’s all good craic and that but as a consequence, it just means that nobody does or wears anything different for fear of being mocked. It’s actually laughable how every lad in Ireland essentially wears the exact same clothes and haircut.
From talking to Euro and North American women who have toured Europe, Irish men are one of the worst dressed. 

The herd mentality plus obsession with sports gear for all occasions, is a noticeable mark against us.
A recent Freakonomics podcast discussed open vs closed societies.
Closed societies value conformity, and Ireland ranked fairly highly as a closed society.
Look at yar wan with the hat 👀
I remember getting my hair bleached to that really nice platinum grey colour that’s really trendy now when I was in school. Some fella told me I looked like his granny. Fast forward a few years to Kim fucking Kardashian getting the same colour then every hun in the country is getting the same
I had a pair of sunglasses that were unremarkable except for being amber rather than black.

My Brother: Nice sunglasses

Me: Thanks

My Brother: Do they make men's styles?
I went through a phase of wearing a bandana about 10 years ago, I was called Axl Rose, also in Waterford...
I think it comes from the same place as the phrase "don't be getting notions about yourself". In Ireland, if you try to stand out visually, it's seen on a cultural level as trying too hard, having ideas above your station and all that.

I could be wrong, but I think it's a holdover from the occupation. Back then, if you had the money to spend on the latest fashions, there was a good chance you were British or at least considered yourself to be so. As such, we still associate out of ordinary fashion as distinctly un-Irish. And how do the Irish deal with the different? Between uprisings, we usually slag it off.

Which is a shame because I really want capes to come back.
Is it just me or does everybody have the exact same tattoos for their sleeve just arranged differently?
It's sad how obsessively conformist so many people are in Ireland. Even something as simple as a slightly left field haircut is likely to provoke comment of the "look at this guy with their notions" variety.
Am I stupid because I know what props means but also don’t know what it is short for?
I wore a yellow top and blue jeans, not even bright blue, I got called a minion for 3 days
Its witty but I fuckin hate this about Ireland, people are so judgemental
I moved to San Francisco 12 years ago from Dublin. I’m back here now for a week and you really notice how there’s like 3 outfits for each sex.
[deleted]
who needs the man to control us when we keep eachother down, well trained we are
“Ah here’s Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen now” was the greeting my manager got at a work night out for wearing a navy shirt with a floral pattern .
[deleted]
If I had 20 cent for every time I’ve been called f*ggot over my long hair
I still remember get jibed to fuck for wearing a shirt on a non uniform day when I was in 2nd year... it was a fucking Christmas jumper day and I had a comfortable cotton shirt under a relatively corse jumper. 

You'd think kids who spend all day every day wearing a shirt under a jumper for school anyways would understand the point of it from a comfort point but nope.
Christ I remember back in the day walking around in my knee high converse and I had incessant cars whizz by screaming at the "state of your tackies"!
Coincidentally, I once wore a red beret and a white raincoat in Waterford and people kept saying "Oooh la la"...
Haha! This is an interesting topic. I'm a fashion photographer (Swedish) launching my own label and dreaming of moving to Ireland in a couple of years.  I love the country (including the weather) and the Irish spirit so much and would be glad to grow old and start other businesses over there. I dress in avant garde fashion like Rick Owens, Comme de Garcons, etc. and I have yet to meet any likeminded Irishmen so if my dream comes true I guess I'll be that one weird Scandinavian dude draped in black that everyone recognizes from afar:)
I once wore one of those beanies with a brim on it to school. my mate saw me and said I looked like a jockey and I never wore it again
Trying to be alt in cork makes me feel like a harlot; the *stares* you get. These creative insults too, I want to be mad but their too fucking funny half the time. Like if an insult is creative enough I cannot be mad at it. What a double-edged blade the conservative tastes of this country are TT\_TT
They might've called you Soldier F.
[deleted]
Lookit, it's dead easy: 

Jeans* and a nice top for the ladies, jeans* and a football jersey for the lads. Anything else is notions or, God forbid *trying too hard*. 

'Tis far from *fashion* we were reared.

*Exclusively bootcut, of course.
My friends and I were at St. Stephen’s Green once and this little group of teenagers was cackling at us. Suddenly, one of them sticks up his head and goes, “LOOK IT’S JOHN LENNON!” And pointed to my friend, who wears circular glasses. Then, all the kids scatter like cockroaches.

We died laughing.
A red beret as an attempt to be fashionable couldnt be more cliched if you tried
I have a fringe that is maybe an inch away from my eyebrows, anytime I see one of my uncles he tells me i look like I’m in a boyband or something, someday I’m going to offer him some of mine since he can’t grow any himself the jealous c*nt.
I'm a man and I always liked berets, the problem of course is too fold, I live in Ireland and I have a big Irish head. Dream crushing
I wore a purple coat and got called Willy Wonka, also I'm female...
Aussie living in Ireland. 

Went to a festival themed wedding in Wicklow, in a poncho and bollo tie. Lad offered to fight me before remembering it was his cousins wedding he was in the usual lad suit. 

The concept of wearing sun glasses confuses Irishmen. Even when it’s sunny. You’re supposed to suffer through the glare. 

Went to another wedding in a black turtle neck jumper. Two of my pals did the same. Got singled out as being a possible drug dealer. 

My usual look of singlet/vest and a button up shirt also gets calls of “notions” and assumptions I’ve got some good gear to sell on. 

God bless ye, don’t go changing now.
I had bottles thrown at me from a passing car for daring to wear skinny jeans during daylight hours in Waterford. The offended party was presumably stone cold sober.
If anyone ever makes a remark about your clothing you just look them up and down with an incredulous expression and a nice subtle smirk and say "wait, *you're* taking the piss out of the way *I'm* dressed? Wow."

Doesn't matter what they're actually wearing.

Double effectiveness on girls.
Being french I never understood with people sais Paris is the capital of fashion, everyone just wears black. Then I visited other countries, and I understood: parisians wears clothes that fits, that's about it, and it's enough to make a difference. I've never seen such a quantity of tracksuits and oversized sweaters in my life than in Dublin.
I would have called you captain sensible
Nothing like going home to Waterford to have strips torn off you
Sounds about right. You'll wear grey tracky trousers and a black puffy jacket, whatever the weather or occasion, and you'll like it.
I agree that sticking out and wearing something out of the ordinary will always make u a target to some but after having moved to Canada I realized that the Irish overall dress much better. ( this excludes all the lads that wear sports gear all the time lol) maybe in smaller towns the fashion is worse I think but in Dublin it’s not so bad and especially in town you’ll always see different styles
I remember well in 2010 when I went to work in a hat of the same style as the Peaky Blinders, it was a horrorshow. I got absolutely massacred. By lads in Abercrombie and Fitch.
[deleted]
To which the correct response is: 

"Is that you Luigi!?!?"
I bought a fitted New Era baseball cap a good 12-13 years ago. 

I wore it out one night and people kept smacking it off my head calling me "a fucking fool".

I'd never been on the end of such hostility for wearing a fucking hat. 

Fast forward a couple of years and absolutely everyone was wearing them.
[deleted]
Our dress sense will never be as sharp as our wit!
Wear a red beret up north and you'll be back down south in an hour
I read every comment on this confused on what a beret was. I looked up red beret and was feel ashamed of myself. I was reading it as beret and not burae.
Ireland is so judging but it all comes from insecurities cause everyone is trying to be the same , Do you fuck what anyone thinks
Should have called you Mario Mario.
I went to the shop once in my usual colourful getup and the cashier asked if I was a local
Reminds me of when I wore pop socks to the 6th class disco (in the 90s) AND a dress that was like a boucle fabric OH and mules now I think of it... I don't think any of us were ready for it...
I used to have a blond mullet and a group of drunks once screamed “rod Stewart gone wrong!…. You’re a bleedin… RAPIST” 

wasn’t expecting it to go in that direction but It was notable
Damn, I would have gone with Madeline.
I got cat called as ‘machine gun kelly’ before. 

For reference im a tall lanky guy who bleached his hair 🙃
I don't know what's worse, the majority of Irish teens looking like they all came from the same factory or lack of creativity in the insults. When I was in secondary, I liked heavier music, so my folks got me a metallica hoody, first day I wore it and every day for a few months I got called Metallica, I was more confused than insulted
I've always had short hair, no.2 or less all over. Been called Shmuel (boy in the striped pajamas) since it came out, doesn't help that I'm pale as fuck too..
If I wore a red hat, and someone called me "Super Mario" in a thick Irish accent, that person would get a drink from me.

Edit: This is the best comment section today.
In the early 2000s grandfather shirts were having a moment, so I bought one, basically just a regular shirt with no collar. I wore that fucker once, walked in to the pub and the friends took one look at my linen grandfather shirt, and my shaved head, and laughed for ten minutes solid after someone shouted "Jaysus lads, it's fucking Harry Krishna!" It's hard trying to chat a girl up when your friends are helpfully informing her that you have taken a vow of celibacy..
I've been 'alternative/rocker' for years. Was a massive goth as a teen (still am when I get dressed up). I could start a novel on all the slaggings I got over the years. It even went beyond slaggings though. I once had a grown man smash a glass bottle over my back (I was an 18 year old girl and he looked mid 30's- early 40s) and calling me a "fucking freak hippie bitch" and to "go home and change".   


Ireland really hates any sort of individuality. Wear even a band shirt and you're a 'freak' or 'goth'. I once also wore a pair of daisy duke style denim hot-pants, in the midst of summer, when it was roasting out and some battle axe chased me down the street, shouting "Here yungone ye forgot the rest of yer clothes."
Ireland: Why can't we come up with something new?

Also Ireland: Look at this eejit coming.
You have to dress exactly like everyone else. Trying to be fashionable, notions.
Moving to Dublin from Italy in a few weeks. Guess I should stop bothering about which outfits to bring and just bring sweats and raincoats.
The refusal of Irish men to wear flip flops/ sandals is a bit strange. Particularly men in their 20s/30s, who in the summer will wear a stinking pair of trainers and socks all summer. Tons of regulars go for a swim in Salthill and it’s gas to see them struggle to put on damp socks instead of the more appropriate slider after a swim.
Remember one of the lads wore chinos into fas one day. He was labelled chinos for the duration of the course and even the instructor addressed him as such.
I got into Uni and a friend of mine was calling me Professor. 'Look at Professor (surname) over here'. Fuck sake, I'm just trying to get an education.
Notions
I would rather hear wit than see fashion.
Had this armless black hoodie back in 93 and was great for combinations wore a long sleeve purple t-shirt underneath and received a "who are you trying to impress?"  That and the Kriss Kross Nike Airs and black jeans.. at the Sunday free for everyone hockey practice.. hmm.. maybe..
This comment section is just pure gold. Can’t stop laughing
I once wore a scarf into town. It was winter. The scarf was plain black.
For some reason, someone shouted “alright fuckin Johnny Wilkinson. Go back to London with your scarf”.

Was Johnny Wilkinson known for wearing scarves?
One of the few benefits of being older... Once you are past about 45 you are generally reccognized as no longer having to follow any fashion. Past 65 you get marks just for having clothes on which are the right way round and not inside out.
Applies to drink too. Any step outside the norm gets you a well deserved "look at that fucking lightweight with his half pint of session IPA"
I wore a long beanie to a pub in Killarney once visiting back in 2015. Some guy ask “What’s that on your head?” “You look like an elf”

I didn’t where that beanie the rest of the trip. 😂
I wore double denim in west Cork once and a barman kept referring to be as 'bewitched'
I never knew the entire country of Ireland was just a mechanic shop. The roasting never ends.
The pressure to conform is ridiculous…
That's Waterford for ya.
Clothes from America an instant target. A great poem by Tom Duddy (I think called The American Parcel) talks about wearing a pair of white shorts sent over by relatives
This thread has many examples of Irish culture suppressing free expression, but I want to go a different way. I want to thank the lads in the car in Whitehall in 1999, who assured me that dressing like Sharon Stone in The Quick and the Dead was not my destiny
Ireland and fashion go together like the UK and the EU,  definitely better of with it, but because of a majority of cunts, it wont happen
Was sitting in CHQ pulling a stone out of my shoe, had a pair of patterned socks on and some head strolls by, takes one look and yells, “ah would you look at this prick, wearin…socks.”
it's useless to wear fashion coz it's going to drizzle or rain anyway
Jokes on OP for thinking a red beret is fashionable
I see lots of people trying to be different and hipstery.

However most people who wear it look the same.

You're an outsider if you don't wear it.
Wore a trench coat one time to the office and was absolutely destroyed for it, safe to say it wasn't worn ever again
My dad walked down the road in a suit the other day. Someone yelled out a car calling him a "fancy lad on the way to way to a big meeting"
What are clothes that won't get you made fun of in Ireland?
I once wore a suit jacket in Swinford 
- “Hey look! Big man walking down Main Street”
My wife is from Waterford and I swear, the talent those people have for funny nicknames is like nothing I’ve ever seen before.
I was a punk when punk was just starting and I used to have chains of safety pins all over and the older women that I would see me used to say things like "Ahh Jayzus look at him and his mother is a lovely woman"
Some suited lads in a chipper were hassling my housemate one time about her costume (had just come from a Rocky Horror night). She shot back 'don't know why you think you can talk, you look like Bernard Brogan's Da'. Still laughing about it
We really have dreadful dress sense here
I was on the bus once, when a kid shouted through the window to another kid... "hey Patrick where's your Fruit of the Loom"?
Glasses and a hat and everyone’s “I FOUND WALDO”. Fuckin cunts.
Came home to visit from Canada and met some of the lads in the pub. Wore a fairly unremarkable button up shirt and got torn asunder. Look at him coming back from Canada in his shirt.
May also have something to do with the amount of pipe Jane's been up and down on
Sorry to👂@Janky_Jane. I often see girls walking around wearing things I wouldn’t like my 15stone ripped nephew to be wearing - situational awareness vital and also should be taught. Sorry to hear this happened in what should be a safe space - not all people are waterfordians!
I would have called her Lilly Collins in 'Emily in Paris.' Jokes aside, I like the red beret look. Retro chic
When I went to dublin as an American who has piercings and a bleached haircut I only had one guy ask me why I was dressed that way. I didn’t understand, and he goes “all peacock like” and I just laughed, so did all his friends. I don care if your taking the piss, I just told em where I’m from I don’t stand out in the least. And that was that. It helps being a foot taller and 50lb heavier than all the guys and ribbing em right back. It was fun.
The last time a red beret was seen in Belfast, we called them murdering bastards.  


Maybe Luigi could have quelled our perspective?
I wear a newsboy cap now and again, and on my lunch not too long ago I walked past these lads having a can. One of them went 'look, Rodney borrowed Del Boys hat', and the other one went 'alright Dave?'.
Could have been worse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P088\_L3vTRg
Yup, to them if you arent wearing Adidas and a hoody or those roadman jackets, you're weird
Sure they did Jane. Get your likes on twitter though.
Because the yanks on r/mildlyinteresting don't understand the significance, I got two Curly Wurlys in one packet.

I hope you got in touch with the factory, reported their mistake and made arrangements to return the other bar? Do the right thing OP, it's not difficult.
This means you are now the Taoiseach. 
Does this mean someone has a packet with no curly wurly?
Prepare your jaw for a world of pain 
[deleted]
[deleted]
*Mildly* interesting? This is a supreme event! Eclipses anything else that has happened lately.
Aussie here. LPT: Chuck one of these bad boys in the freezer and then give it to the kids to chew on if you're looking for a superquick and tasty way to pull out loose baby teeth.
Id say some lad in the packaging department in Cadburys is sitting at his computer on Reddit waiting weeks on this post!!

Australian here. I understand the significance. I am both jealous and mildly interested. 
This is rarer than a waferless kit-kat
Maybe the recession IS over!
The wankers that moderate "Mildly Interesting" seem to be quite particular about what they themselves only consider to be mildly interesting.

I got banned.  Yes, fucking banned from "Mildly Interesting" for posting three things in the same day that they apparently did not consider interesting at all.
Ring Eddie Hobbs pronto 
/r/untrustworthypoptarts
So you just got an old curly wurley.

Lucky bastard. :(
These and "Chomps" are super popular in Australia! I always loved these, like $0.50 and arguably the tastiest treat!
My GF would die for this, she once got 4 chicken tenders from Supermacs instead of 3 and still talks about it til this day. 
Peaked!! Life well never be this good again.
The Chosen One has been found.
2 months of reddit gold + 2 curly wurlys in one day, holy shit man you should play the lotto
Whack this on r/casualuk too, go down well there.
Since this has blown up like ALOT, thanks for the gold and what it's all about, that sweet sweet karma!

I just wanna answer some questions I have seen popping up real quick.

A Curly Wurly is a type of chocolate bar filled with caramel, and tends to be rock hard when you buy them. They're kind of a "meme" chocolate bar as far as I can see, because of the hardness and how you'll nearly break your jaw chewing them! And the name is funny, helps with the memeness. Here's a link to [wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curly_Wurly) showing more about them!

I seen someone say this was a paid sponsorship by cadburys, it's not, however HIT ME UP CADBURYS WITH THAT CURLY WURLY SPONSORSHIP!

Finally, I know I said about the "yanks" in the post, purely meant in good fun, no need for some of you to get offended.
Question from a yank: Why do Curly Wurlys make no attempt to be curly?
I dont know what that is. I could guess, but i would most likely be wrong. I don't know how i ended up in this subreddit. I don't know what any of those things are or what most of you people are saying. I am going to upvote, because it helps me maintain my illusion of control. In so doing that upvoting will help me feel connected to a larger joke that I hope is not actually pointed towards me, which i suppose would just make the joke better for everyone else. 
Bends the knee
Please send all recently packeted curlies to Australia for full quality assessment. We'll ensure there will be no risks of anyone else receiving a falsely advertised product.
R/2healthbars
And little Early-Pearly came by in her curly-wurly and asked me if I needed a ride
How do we know you didn't just buy 2 and stick one into the other pack? This photo isn't very convincing. 
Did the holes line up?
Brit here. You lucky bastard. Buy a Euromillions ticket.
This sub is full of yanks. 
The prophecy is fulfilled, destiny has spoken. You are the Cadburysborn *Fus Ro Dah*
*laughs because he's a yank who understands*
Clean the wall.
wow, I thought this was /r/interestingasfuck when I clicked
Now the Yanks on r/popular don't understand the significance.
Unreal
This is rarer than a purple snack with no biscuit! What a find.
To be fair, if these were sold in the US, they would probably be sold this way. Everything has to be supersized. 
As an american, this would be like getting 3 pop-tarts in one package.
THE TIME OF THE PROPHECY IS UPON US 
My first thought: If I ran a chocolate factory, I would intentionally produce these every once in a blue moon, just to keep up the interest in the viral age. 

My second thought: Maybe this is already happening. Dun, dun, dun, dun.
Dumb question from a Yank...

Is this bar caramel in a weave pattern, covered in milk chocolate? If it is we used to have this in the US (70s-ish) under the name of Marathon Bar. It was my favorite candy bar! Took forever to chew! Gawd, I miss that bar. I have searched for this off and on for the past 15 plus years to no avail! 

Could I throw money at you and you send me a case of these puppies? Or as many as you can carry? Or put in a Fedex Env? Serioulsy, this was my favorite bar.


Edit. Found a [picture](http://www.longisland70skid.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Marathon-Bar.jpg) of what it looked like.


The unappreciative gobshites.
You should enter the lotto
Your life has peaked man it's all downhill from here 
You have won at life
[/r/untrustworthypoptarts](https://www.reddit.com/r/untrustworthypoptarts/)
That's totally fucking awesome! You just won life today!
Uhm. Yup, can confirm.  Am Yankee. 
I actually ordered a box of Curly Wurlys from Amazon once (I'm in Alabama) because they reminded me of my favorite childhood candy bar: The Marathon bar: https://www.bulkcandystore.com/info/long-lost-candies-the-marathon-bar/ 

Curly Wurlys were an excellent substitute, but the caramel in my batch was a little hard. 
Step 1. Buy one Curly Wurly
Step 2. Buy another Curly Wurly
Step 3. Put one Curly Wurly in the other Curly Wurly packet
Step 4. Take a picture
Step 5. Lie
Step 6. 10,000 Karma
Australian here: YOU HAVE CURLY WURLY UP THERE TOO? Very nice.
That's what my grandma called pubes
I'm American and can't believe the rest of us wouldn't appreciate something like this. Far as I can tell this is double snacks? We *love* double snacks.
Ha!!  Yank here. I ordered these for Christmas through amazon, 10 total. They sent me 50!!!!  Yum. 
Am yank. Also am unreasonably excited when candy miracles such as this happen. Don't group me together with the monsters who can't appreciate this. 
One of the greatest roller coasters of emotion in my life to date was finding Cadburys stocked in my local grocery store only to subsequently realize it was made by Hershey's under licence and utter shite.
As an Irishman and moderator of /r/mildlyinteresting, I apologise wholeheartedly. 
curly wurlys? Man that island is a living cartoon
Put them in the freezer they are sooo good out of the freezer. At that freeze some cream eggs and a kinder bueno and some grapes they are so much better frozen. 
You have to eat them outside though.
So lucky 
[r/2healthbars](https://www.reddit.com/r/2healthbars/)
Damn. I'm off to buy curly wurlys. 
Yank here. Some one send me one of these things. I wanna try them. They look delish.
Flakes are the best, imo
Haha take that inflation, back to normal prices! 
r/australia will support you all the way too! Curly Wurlys are amazing!
Am from Australia, bought 6 curly wurlys last night.
This yank does not understand but is planning to stealing them. Cause that is what we do.
Isn't that what got George Michael into trouble?
"Got" two? Did you pay for this or did you rob a place with your rooty tooty point and shooty?
Americans always understand the significance of free food. 
Man I miss these - Aussie living in the US
Did you eat them both at the same time?  Please say yes.
Some yanks do.  Hot damn!

It is a better tasting Marathon bar in the US for the yanks who haven't had curly wurly. 

(And yes I know that the UK used to call their Snickers a marathon but decided to call it Snickers after all for some reason. Talking about candy shouldn't be so complicated...)


Fucking yanks, if they only knew. They would go to war for that shit. Let me know if you want to share.
I may not understand this.
 But I do understand getting 5 nuggets in a McDonald's 4 piece nugget box. 
They fucking chopped the bar in half around 20 years ago and kept the cost the same. They used to be really long.
As a yank with a Scottish mother, I understand full well. 
Yank coming to visit next week so I subscribed to Ireland a couple months ago. No idea what this is but I'm asking every Irish person I see about it while I'm there.
Today I learned they have curly wurlies in Ireland too (London)
My god I love curly wurlys
More like /r/interestingasfuck
I'm from Australia but omg you lucky bastard. 
Now I will live hoping for that day.
Do the lotto lad
You've won Reddit gold, congratulations!
[deleted]
Don't worry, I heard they only have a snickers bar over there
It's sad that a lot of people on Reddit don't know what these are...
As a Yank that doesn't understand the significance but loves Ireland very much, are these delicious and can I get them anywhere on my next visit?
Yank here. Just wanted to say r/ireland gained a new subscriber because of the comment section. Thanks for the lulz. 
Is that chocolate covered caramel, in kind of a lattice shape? 

We used to have those in the states. Delish!
I'm a Yank. LOVE CURLY WURLY!!! As a kid in the early eighties, Nestle had a candy bar called the Marathon Bar. Curly Wurly's are the closest thing to it that I've found. 

I can get them on Amazon from the UK and have them shipped to me here in Alaska. What a world we live in!!!
Fellow Yank here and I'm here to upvote strictly because of the name "curly wurly". Fantastic name for a product 
Not Irish but we have these here too. You have been blessed by the gods. 
God is real 😍
Wow! That means you got a packet containing the actual length of curly wurlys rather than the midget shit now 
I have a story about Curly Wurly's, I am a huge fan of the show Misfits, and heard Rudy going on about Curly Wurly's in a Episode, being from Canada i didn't know it was a real chocolate bar, go forward a few years and Wal-Mart in my area does a renovation and increase's their grocery section and they added this British treat section, the wife & I are shopping i see Curly Wurly's and had was like holy shit they're real, and i had to buy some.
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/FLhzXEq.png)

I hope you like it

*Disclaimer: Due to restrictions by your ISP 
        If you click on the link, [a $0.10         charge will be billed to your account](https://www.battleforthenet.com/)
Australia appreciates your fortune.
I'm a Yank and I think this is beautiful.
Wow!
Jesus, its very hard to get these since moving to the states and my mouth started watering at this picture. Thank god Im heading back soon.
Woah
How does it feel to have peaked? 
Ah I miss curly wurlys, was eating one last year and part of a tooth came out, don't think I'll ever eat one again.
Dear diary: Jackpot. Gigitty gigi-teee.
Accidental Two in one is universal, lad.
I think I’d like to try me one of them curly wurlys y’all. 
Insulting the Yanks...that's a ride on the Whirly Dhirly for you sir
[deleted]
Very good sir, keep it up
They're not even curly. 
As an Australian I love this but I know it'd take me a whole arvo to get through the bastard. 
Technically, that's a Curly Wurly Wurly.
I haven't had one of them in ages! Swear they're usually only around at Christmas 
I thought we only had Curly Wurlys in Australia. We here down under salute your discovery, Irish brethren!
Canadian here - you just won the Curly Wurly lotto! I've bought so many of those & never got 2 in one. Lucky OP. Go buy a lotto ticket now! 😉
Did you eat them individually or devour it whole?

We need details to ~~brag about~~  document this event for our future generations living in the fallout shelters whose only source of a sweet craving is a radiated Rats tail.
Did you do both at once or one at a time?
You win.
Now i feel sorry for your jaw!
Canadian here and I'm pretty fucking pumped for you
J A C K P O T 


It's like finding a four leaf clover (shamrock?), that you can eat.
Clearly foul play is at work here, noone can be that blessed without devilry being involved!
The fuck are you talking about? Have an upvote
And that was how I met your mother... 
Were they Siamese Curly  Wurlys. 
Oh myy gherdddd 😮😮
All I know about Curly Wurlys is that they're apparently supposed to be the size of a small ladder. Judging by the picture, looks like that's a truism after all.
Every Yank will understand the significance of free junk food
A who now?
Holy Fuck, ultimate dream 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/misleadingthumbnails] [Was curious what my cock looked like with a bib on \[NSFW\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/misleadingthumbnails/comments/6vkjoz/was_curious_what_my_cock_looked_like_with_a_bib/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
This delights the kid in me to no end!
[deleted]
"D'ah shit I dropped my Curly Wurly-"

*Entire team opens fire*

Never let your enemy drop their Wurly. 
You jammy bastard! 
Since when have Americans not been interested in free junk food?
I'm a Yank and Curly Wurly bars are my favorite. Sucks cuz I have to import them lol
This is now the fifth most upvoted post here.
Curly Wurly

Liz Hurley 
Where'd you get a long twix?
We used to call them Marathon Bars here.

We know them, just don't have them unless I get them shipped in 
I don't think ever been so jealous in all my life
What is on the inside?
What's a curly wurly?
The unification of the northern curly and the southern wurly is a beautiful thing
I do not understand, but I am happy for you.
nuh uh you just shoved another one in the open package
Da fuk is a curly wurly?
Did you get a ride in that curly wurly??
The official snack of the Whirly Dirly!
there is a god
[deleted]
As an uninformed yank, what is a curly wurly. Is this like getting two snickers in a wrapper?
[deleted]
I'm Canadian but used to live in the UK.  I remember I used to kill these candy things that were like fruit by the foot but waaaaaay better. Tutti fruttis and pink pigs were also my shit. Don't listen to any North Americans, our candy is absolute shit compared to yours. 
As a Yank... Curly Wurlys are delicious 
Lucky!!!
What's a curly wurly and why have I never heard of it and how can I get this in my life
I'm a yank. Totally jealous. 
ALL HAIL OUR NEW CHOCOLATE OVERLORD
Wuh wait, is there not already a dual pack of curly wurly?
Someone explain 
The fact that you call these Curly Wurlys is at least mildly interesting. 
Sheer unadulterated joy.
THE SECOND COMING...
This yank would like to just have one. 
I hope you went back to the shop and paid them for the second one.
Canadian and I understand this majesty
Jackpot!
Ladies love it when I get even one "curly wurly" in my package, but two!
I'm From Boston but father is from new market. I love curly wurly and all the Irish candy. What ever happened to the desperate Dan bar ? Is it still made ?
Yank here from r/all, can someone explain what a Curly Wurly is and why it's so crazy OP got two?
Ayy!
Now that is mild!
Is this like getting 11 chicken McNuggets when you originally ordered 10... brb gotta make a fatty stop
Jaysus!
Very nice. I'd love a curly wurley around now.
The chosen one
Wow. There's a line in a song by the Fall that goes "had to give her curly wurly back". I never considered what a curly wurly is, and did not expect to ever know. That line is stuck in my head from like 20+ years ago. 
Had my first curly wurly last week here in Canada, fucking amazing candy bar! I never knew I was missing these in my life!
That's just too interesting, I think.
/r/australia understands!
HOLLLYYYYYYY SHIIT
Can't tell if chocolate on the table or shit on the wall
Have these in Australia and they're a classic
I shit you not thought this was just like a term of speech and not an actual food 
I shit you not thought this was just like a term of speech and not an actual food 
You're the chosen one. Accept your fate. 
That is absolutely amazing.
What?
Sounds like a conspiracy.
You’re one lucky bastard
What is a curly wurly
Reminds me of last year when i found a [double sized packet of Chipsticks](https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4tub2c/the_holy_grail_of_chipsticks). I felt like i was automatically inducted into the Dáil.
Straighty Weighty 
We only have terrible candy here and no one knows what in the world they are. I got them in Christmas boxes as a kid, nothing like them here! 
That's not standard? What type of mad world do you live in?
We're over here too and still don't get it.
Ehhhhhhhhhhh?
Curly Wurly Conspiracy
I dunno what a Curly Wurly is (uncultured American; how typical of me), but using my basic common sense I can assume from the context that they usually come in packets of one. Anyone who can't deduce that much is sort of an idiot. So, in light of this grandiose fluke of luck, congrats. I hope those Curly Wurlys were delicious.

Jeez, I sound like the next trendy post on /r/iamverysmart. I'm not trying to sound better anyone, I'm just trying to prove that this isn't rocket science and that the "yanks on /r/mildlyinteresting" should check themselves.

EDIT: typo
I'm a yank and I freaking love curly wurlys!! I freaking miss them. :'( need to find another lil shop that has them.
I once got two fruit by the foot in one package...I was 8....I felt like a god
ACK! This is torture!  We can no longer get Curly Wurlys in the US due to big chocolate!!!  
Americans experience this sort of miracle at Arby's.
Charlie Buckets sees him rollin, he's hatin...
I have some relatives in Ireland and whenever they visited when I was a kid they brought all sorts of delicious candies and sweets. (Sweeties as my aunt called them).  My favorite were white chocolate buttons and curly Wurlys. 
Discovered these last month on our honeymoon in Iceland. My wife ordered a case once we got back stateside! 
North murica needs these everywhere
I thought this was an aussie thing.

Must be a commonwealth thing? Is ireland even in the commonwealth?
I haven't had a curly wurly in years. First thing I'm buying tomorrow. 
Are curly wurlys chocolate covered pigs tail?
Lucky f!@ker
Or you just stuffed another curly wirly into the wrapper. There are suspicious smudges and what looks like a slight crack on the bars. Im not entirely convinced that this miracle truly occured 
Please send curl wurlys to America! Looks amazing!
You may as well have won the Lotto.
I haven't eaten a curly wurly in well over a decade
Our Lord hath return'st.
You could eat the Curly Wurly while riding on the Whirely Dirley. 
I have no idea what a Curly Wurly is, but I can assume what just happened to you is equivalent to winning the lottery and getting two full-sized snickers in one package, in the same day.
My 90yr old Granda still insists on cooking me a birthday fry!

[deleted]
90? What's his secret? And happy birthday OP.
He's a fine man with the suit and cap on him. He's dressed better while he's making a fry than I am going to a wedding.
[deleted]
Fresh looking 90 year old.
Legend of a man! Looking mighty for 90!
Now there's an Irish kitchen. I have that same kettle, and the same pots, and the same fridge!

Don't forget to bacon up that sausage, and butter up that bacon.

Fairplay and good health to ye both!
I see the Ketchup has been primed for immediate use. No fuckin about with this fella.
Show him this post with everyone telling him how great he looks 😊 Happy Birthday
Love the tradition of the fry up. Get off a plane, fry up. Bad night, fry up. Want some brekky? Fry up.

Cheers to your old old man.
Now thats an Irish Granda if I ever saw one..
Good to see a man of his age hale and hearty. My Nana had that same parrot magnet when she was alive and kicking. Happy birthday lad. 
Paddy Greasy is known to fry thirty rashers or more in a single day
Jesus, I hope I look as well as he does when I reach 90, .....if I reach 90  !!
He looks far younger than 90! Also, happy birthday :)

You're very lucky. My granda died when I was three.
My grandpa from a different country, culture and religion had the exact same style. It must be a grandpa thing. 
Man I'm jealous.  My lazy grandpa hasn't made me a birthday fry since 2008 when he died of a heart attack.
He's a stud. I hope he rubbed some of that swag onto you. 
legend
[deleted]
[deleted]
My 92 year old gram still insists on making me dinner every work day. I tell her she doesn't have to be doing that at her age but she says "A working man deserves a home cooked meal when he comes home." It gives her something to do and I can tell she enjoys doing it. Recently I have been cooking with her to learn the recipes. I don't want these family recipes to go forgotten when she's gone and it's great spending time with her!
*American slowly raising hand*

W-what exactly is a fry?
If he is anything like my Dad in his late 70's tell him to turn the heat down and cook it slow.  There is no rush...  Happy Birthday.

He's so dapper! You are so lucky to still have him in your life. I miss my grandparents 
Hes lookin well for 90!
My Irish grandma living in Yonkers, NY literally has the exact same kitchen setup, from the food in the cupboards to the parrot on the fridge (blue one though). Its eerie 
And a rasher for yourself? 
Happy birthday, hope the fry was nice :)
Doctors HATE him!
look at this guy barebacking that pot lid... only bitches use potholders
Great photo, a fry master no doubt

a fine looking 90 and no george foreman for him either
He's some hunk of a man at 90!
No beans grandad? "g'way, protestant shite"
That's wonderful. 

I was browsing from r/all and this came up. 

I thought, "ha. That looks just like my grandfather. Bet he's Irish."

It's on r/Ireland
Make sure he knows how much you appreciate him, wish I could tell my grandad again!
You are very lucky :-) 
You need to take as many pictures and videos of that man as you possibly can. Get him putting his coat and shoes on, reading a paper, doing the dishes... You won't regret it. 
Lucky.
Those are some fierce looking rashers OP!!! Jealous. 
Jaysus he looks well for 90! 

Happy birthday!
A hat indoors?! Your grandad lives on the edge. Respect.
So sweet wish I had grandparents 
There's great fryin' out.
What a man! Happy birthday to you 
That's probably the most Irish picture in history. 
Dapper and a good cook! Why, if I were 50 years older...
I keep my biscuits in the sewing kit box. Son hasn't found them yet. 

Your grandad is also using a vat of oil to cook that fry. He's a pro. 
Seems like a cool guy. I'd love to talk to him about what growing up in Ireland was like back then. I'm a Canadian but like most North Americans I'm super interested in Ireland.
Happy birthday friend :)
What a nice thing to do..Happy B-Day
As everyone else is saying, he looks damn good for 90, I would have guessed reasonably healthy 60s. Treasure that man while you've got him. 
Dapper as fuck.
90? ever 40yrs old in germany looks older than that
Whats that cap hes wearing called ?
Your Gramps looks like [Ed Asner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Asner) (Up, Mary Tyler Moore Show)
Did he shop at the Nice Old Irish Man Store?
Cooking fry while looking fly!
Chef brown, heinz red 👌
Dapper as fuck.
Someday I'd like to be an old Irish gentlemen just so I can dress like that.
Your grandpa is adorable, also it's my Birthday too - happy birthday from Denver!
He also appears to insist on being dapper as frig on the regular.
"Some of Ireland's great Frymen have been known to put away thirty pints of cooking oil or more in a day".
Do you ever just look at a picture and think yup, that's a good person. This image is all the information I need. A lot of this mans personality is shown here. 
This just made me aww out loud. What a sweet family dynamic you have.
He's dressed exactly like how I would imagine Irish grandpas would dress. 
Great start for the day you're gonna do at the bog. 
I don't know what a birthday fry is, but you're pretty lucky.
Fair play to him!
A living Saint. You're lucky to have him, OP. We should have him on for an AMA. 
Old men dress well. 
Before i even saw what subreddit this was under I knew that house was in Ireland just by the looks of it and the man himself
Happy Birthday from a fellow Birthdayer
Man, he is a very young-looking 90-year-old fella. Happy birthday. 
Chef Brown man
I'd never thought of keeping my glasses that way round. Makes perfect sense! 
Happy, happy birthday!

Your Granda seems in great shape!
ya boi is looking fresher as me going to a wedding or something and he's frying. shit.
He looks great for 90
This makes me smile I love it. 
Happy birthday op! I may be in love with your granda,he's adorable 
He's looking pretty young for 90. Good for him.
Dear OP,

Thanks for reminding me today that there are still some things right with the world.  Good on you and your grandad, hope you've had a great birthday!
Happy Birthday! And give your granda a hug from me. Haven't had mine to hug in a great while. 
What's a birthday fry? Looks like a lot of liquid in there, is that oil? Is this beef? So many questions
I miss my grandpa
Happy birthday OP. also a honest question, what's the "fry" like what's in it? 
Say hi to your gramps for me and tell him he still got it! ;D
That bird magnet..both sets of my granny and grandads had them. Anyone know what they're all about?
My parents are horrible about reusing Country Crock margarine tubs to hold leftovers, yet not labeling it in any way. It's always frustrating to look for butter only to find leftover green beans and everything else instead.
Before my grandad passed whenever we would visit him in Dublin he would cook us a fry up every morning. Dressed the same way too! Rest in peace grandpa Seamus. 
OP is a great man. OP's grandpap is a legend. :)
What is a fry?
I saw this post on r/all and didn't look at the sub it was from. I thought 'I bet he is Irish' — no idea why but I like being right. 
Wait, you guys have fryers built into the range? Man, the southern US could learn a thing or two...
What happened to attire in the last 100 years? We went from collared shirts, suits and hats to jeans and t-shirts. The world used to be a much classier place. 
For some reason nothing is more charming to me than a grandparent who cooks for their grandchild.
I think there's an unwritten rule somewhere that all Grandads make a fry-up every now and again, rashers, black pudding, sausages and throw in an aul egg. I remember my Granda doing the same.
Would kill for some of grandpas fried potatoes. Don't know how he did it. Cooked potatoes (not sure if baked) then he'd put them in a jar of water in the fridge for a few days(skin on) then thinly slice and pan fry in butter....

Just realized I'm close to knowing it, will experiment. Thank You Reddit!
Enjoy it man.  My last grandparent died before Christmas.  I wish I could have her cooking one more time. 
I love that grandpas love to still get dressed up for no reason.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
what is a birthday fry?  this is not well known in america. 
[deleted]
My god is that chef brown sauce and heinz tomato ketchup? Never in my have I seen someone mix and match, you're either a heinz man or a chef man
Gotta love it! My mom was born/raised in Crosshaven Co. Cork. Every year on my birthday I get the full Irish breakfast in the morning and shepherds pie for dinner. 
Can't from r/all, what exactly does a "fry" consist of? Looks like some awesome bacon? 
Hello from America! Coincidentally, it's my birthday too!
My birthday' tomorrow! Is this birthday fry an Irish tradition? (Im Scottish)
What's he frying?
He kinda looks like my wife's grandpa. Old men tend to look alike, I suppose.
American here: what is a "fry" is it a region specific dish or slang ? ELI5 please 
As a non-Irish person, I have no clue what a birthday fry is.
TIL, OPs Dad is a Pintman.
Ok. Serious question. Is that just some pork chop in oil?
That's awesome! Cherish these moments!
